Username: deaths_melody
Date (UTC): 2024-11-18_04-56-05
Title: Struggling 
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/coloncancer/comments/1gtx48v/struggling/
Content:
Hey yall I'm sorry in advance this is going to be a bit of a ramble and my first real reddit post. So at the beginning of this year (literally Jan 8th) I 24f was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer. The first oncologist said to put me on hospice since I was showing end of life stages but the local oncologist (my current) suggested genetic testing where we found out I have lynch syndrome. So the good news I was treatable with immunotherapy but bad new I'd have to worry about 6 or 7 different cancers for the rest of my life and passing it on to children since it's genetic.  I recovered from my feeble state fast and got massive results fast. By the 6 month mark I had a 50% and 40% shrinkage in my tumors (liver and colon) but I felt like an imposter in the cancer community because I "got it easy". But in July the blessing turned into a curse of sorts and I had perforated my bowls because my tumor was shrinking so fast (doc said she'd never seen any tumor shrink this fast). I didn't show symptoms till I was severely septic and needed emergency surgery to get my colostomy which has been very difficult to adjust to (I have a phobia of fecal matter) and I feel like I have no one other than my boyfriend to lean on. I feel bad because he has had to be my main support through all this. Dont get me wrong im extremely greatful for him I mean we were together for 2 months when I got diagnosed and chose to stay (really cute note I told him I might lose my fertility and he said theres a lot of options but him leaving wasnt one of them). I'm just worried about overwhelming him because he is still very scared things will suddenly go south and he'll lose me (doesnt help he has lost a lot of people to cancer including an aunt a few months ago). I have thought about support groups but I feel it would be rude to join because I've had it "easy". I feel lost and alone. Anyways thank you for reading my rant.


Tldr: I feel like an imposter because my cancer journey has been "easy" and I don't qualify for support groups 