Username: doncoco2137
Date (UTC): 2025-01-30_23-39-16
Title: Finding Strength in the Face of Illness
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/1ie12i9/finding_strength_in_the_face_of_illness/
Content:
Hey everyone,

I wanted to share my thoughts and ask for guidance on how to navigate my current situation. Thought thats a good thread for since, since all of us there have to deal with live changing illness.

Recently, I was diagnosed with a rare tumor—a paraganglioma at the base of my skull. While it’s not life-threatening, its location is extremely delicate. The only option is surgery, but due to the sensitive anatomical structures involved, the tumor won’t be entirely removed. This means I’ll have to live with it, knowing it’s still there, which is unsettling. Additionally, the operation will damage some of my nerves, leading to facial paralysis on one side, difficulty speaking, and trouble swallowing. On top of that, I’ve already lost hearing in one ear over the past few months, replaced by a relentless, screaming tinnitus that makes sleep nearly impossible. Funny thing is that, I can't even get a cochelar implant because I wouldn't be able to control the remains of the tumor with MRI due to magnets in implants.

I just don’t know how to live with all of this. I’m only 23. My life was just beginning to take shape. I finished my studies, moved out, and found quite recently a great job. Now, I struggle to even get out of bed. Mornings are the worst because for a brief moment, I hope it was all just a bad dream until my tinnitus reminds me that this is my new reality. Eating and drinking feel like a challenge, and most days, all I can do is cry into my pillow, smoke, and pray for it all to end. Lately, I’ve even started having suicidal thoughts. I know that my struggle isn’t the same as those with terminal cancer, but for me, this feels unbearable, especially at such a young age. Doctors were trying to cure me from having an ear infection for over 2 months, when suddenly at one day I found out that I have a tumor the size of a tennis ball inside my head.

Can anyone tell me how to live with this? How to deal with life altering permament damages to my body? How do I change my way of thinking to feel close to normal again?

Thank you to anyone who took the time to read this. Hope you find a peace also.