Username: Hefty-Supermarket-79
Date (UTC): 2024-10-07_03-03-50
Title: How long should I expect at this point?
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/lungcancer/comments/1fxy1t5/how_long_should_i_expect_at_this_point/
Content:
My mom is 85. She was diagnosed with stage 4, terminal, lung cancer in early May. It seems to have begun sometime after February, as it wasn't there when she had scans done with her pulmonologist.

Her comorbodities are pretty extensive. Severe COPD, emphysema, scleroderma, rheumatoid arthritis, she also began having severe issues with her digestive system over a year ago, that was never sorted out, but she had to go completely vegetarian, often had nausea and diarrhea, major weightloss.

She also has a mix of nodes, masses, and lesions on her esophagus (1, I believe), stomach (1, I believe), large upper lung lobe tumor that went from 4x5 cm to almost 10x10cm in 3 to 4 months. Plus smaller tumors in the lower lobe. Nodes going across the mediastinum. And I was told her heart is working at about 52% capacity. 

Her oncologist really recommended  comfort measures from day one, but supported her trying immunotherapy chemo pills to see if it could buy her more time (she wasn't about to take no for an answer). She attempted it a total of 3 times in about 6 weeks (3+ weeks, stopped due to side effects; 1 week, stopped and restarted at a lower dose; 1 more week at a lower dose, then hospitalized.).

She has now been in the hospital for 12 days. 2 weeks ago, she was home (struggling, but home), using a walker. She is mostly in bed, other than being assisted to stand to sit on the bedside commode. She sits on the edge of the bed during waking hours, doing tripod breathing for air hunger.

They started palliative radiation last week, to attempt shrinking the biggest tumor enough for some relief. But, she seems weaker and weaker. She does have some days where she visits, reads, etc. Others, not much, if any at all.

We are transitioning to hospice. I asked the palliative dr if they could help me prepare a bit on time. I live 2 states away with a 7 yr old who has her own struggles, and I've got lupus and rheumatoid arthritis flaring up all over the place due to stress...but, I'm flying up super often, to be with her. To help. I was just there for 8 days, and going back this Thursday. 

The Dr said "I think she at least has weeks"...and yet, while my mom is not at all well, and even declined in the 8 days I was there, it's hard to wrap my head around this timing, as she has her wits and makes jokes, very mentally well.

I know that no one knows. But for those who have gone through a similar scenario, and are ok sharing, please do.

Also, I'm looking for books and resources to prepare my 7 yr old, who doesn't understand that Grandma isn't getting better. We aren't religious, but I'm only finding religious resources. 