Username: Hefty-Supermarket-79
Date (UTC): 2024-10-13_05-11-23
Title: Final days with parent experience? What to do...
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/lungcancer/comments/1g2igi9/final_days_with_parent_experience_what_to_do/
Content:
My mom was diagnosed in May with stage 4, terminal lung cancer. On top of COPD, emphysema, scleroderma, multiple masses, etc, etc.

We are now in the final days, it seems. She has been in the hospital for 3.5 weeks, declining each day. Since Wed of this week, she has weakened to the point of sleeping 99% of the time. She was still interacting, minimally Wed, Thurs, a bit. She was still attempting bites of yogurt, but almost no food, just Ensure and a bit of coffee.

By yesterday, she had 3 Ensures in 24+ hours, nothing else. Today, 2 half spoons of applesauce to take pills (which the nurses finally agreed that she doesn't need). No drinks at all. Yesterday, she seemed to finally realize that the end is near, acknowledge it verbally, and seem more at peace with it. Yesterday, she would briefly perk up for visitors, maybe a few minutes here and there, but that means open one eye, smile, wave, accept hugs. 

Today, we've had a total of less than 10 minutes of that. Maybe 15 if I'm generous. As for actually speaking, maybe 5 to 10 whispered words all day, usually 'can't breathe '.

The day shift dr, who has been awesome and here visiting at length every day for 5 days, said we could switch to constant Dilaudid PCA whenever we felt ready...but the night shift dr says she's not in enough pain or struggling enough, and he won't approve it because it will hasten death. 

So...any tips on what I should be requesting or pushing for? I hate seeing her eyes come half open every 2 hrs, gasp, get meds, go back to sleep. I just want her to go into that deep sleep until she passes. She is suddenly almost deaf, barely comprehending, when she is half alert (ish) she shakes her head no to visits from family... But, it sounds like we just sit in this cycle. 

And...do you go sleep? I'm staying 10 min from the hospital (I don't live here), so it's quick to come back. But, I don't know if I should stay or go sleep a bit. She could be like this for hours or days, it seems.

Suggestions are welcome. 