Username: Ibe4btc
Date (UTC): 2018-07-02_19-53-09
Title: My Journey With Stage III Melanona
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Melanoma/comments/8vloq8/my_journey_with_stage_iii_melanona/
Content:
I was diagnosed with stage 3 melanoma back in March of 2017 when I was 28 years old.  I had a large mole on my back about the size of a quarter and it was starting to change shape and darken in color. So at the time I was in prison in Missouri so didnt really have choices when it came to treatment s. The mole was checked out by the prisons doctor and he decided against a partial biopsy and went ahead and cut it all out right there in the prison. The mole was sent out to the states pathologist and the results came back positive for Melanoma. So the doctor at the prison didnt really know much about Melanoma i am guessing because when he brought me in to give me the results he attempted to stage the Melanoma and told me it would be advanced stage 4 Melanoma and they he will be contacting the states oncologist for treatment options. NEEDLESS to say i went back to my cell and cried lol im tough and im not ashamed to say i cried. Well when that was all out of me i got on the phone home to let me my mom in on the news and try to get some info on what Melanoma was or what i was really up against. So god bless my mom she did her best to make me feel like it wasnt to serious and I was just ad worried about her as she was me but after some research I found out that Stage 4 would be terminal. So now all i know is i am dying without ever have feeling sick. So the states oncologist recommends i have a lymph node biopsy done. So they injected some radioactive dye at the site of the mole that wad removed and hooked me up to a machine where it could see the dye flow threw my body and to which lymph nodes the cancer most likely spread to if it had in fact spread at all. So with me the dye came to rest with 2 different lymph node sites both being under each arm in the arm pit area. So then a biopsy was done of both lymph node sites and sent off for testing. When the results came back the lymph nodes under my left arm all came back negative while the lymph nodes on my right side came back positive for melanoma. So now I am officially staged at stage 3 and now im really scared to death. I never knew this was spreading threw my body slowly gaining a foothold for an attack that would certainly be sooner then later. So the state recommended that all the lymph nodes under my right arm be removed in case of further spread. After all the lymph nodea were removed and tested they all came back negative and a blessing it was to me. So now i am technically cancer free they say and need to start with these scans every 3 months or so for the next 5 years. The state ordered PET-CT Scans which is the most accurate and expensive scans for my condition and the first one comes back negative. BLESSING. Second comes back negative. BLESSING. Third comes back negative. BLESSING. Now about this time I am released from prison and no longer have insurance provided to me threw the state. So i go to TMC and apply for insurance and get my medical records from the prison and to the people who need them. So now I am due for my 4th PET-CT Scan and believe it or not I am not able to get this scan because it coats way to much and the free insurance i receive threw the hospital wont provide this type of scan for me. Believe it or not but I was provided with better medical treatment and care while I was in prison than while I am out
 So have to settle for a CT Scan. Well the first CT scan shows some objects of interest and I am following up with that as i type this here now. What i have noticed is under my right arm where my lymph nodes have been removed is a small pea size growth that is right under the surface of the skin. Where it is clearly visible from across the room if i just lift up my arm. So the doctor here ordered a sonogram and I guess they dont like what they saw cuz im meeting with the surgeon today to setup for a biopsy of the weird growth. I am sitting here now waiting for the surgeon to come speak with me and will keep posted as i go. Prayers are appreciated. 