Username: ismellpanties93
Date (UTC): 2021-05-11_20-02-50
Title: Euthanasia
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/na67xt/euthanasia/
Content:
Hello everyone! 

I’m sorry if this is extremely gloomy but I can’t think of anywhere else to ask. 

I’m 27F terminal with metastatic BC spread to the skeleton. I’ve been diagnosed for a little under a year. So far I’m still working full time and managing the side effects of my meds pretty well. However twice now my treatment plan has failed to show significant progress which means I’m headed towards heavy chemo and radiation. 

In turn, I know what’s coming, and it ain’t pretty. 

To be honest I don’t really ever want to experience what a “collapsed spine” or “severe bone pain” feels like. I’d rather die as my own, vibrant self, before I’m reduced to a woman who can no longer walk or properly take care of herself. 

At first I thought I’d get lots of illegal drugs and head off deep into the woods, have a major trip and then pass out peacefully in the dewy moss and never wake up again. But then I also want to give my family an opportunity to partake in my life ending and I don’t want to rob them of an opportunity to grieve or process. After all they’re the ones stuck with the loss of me, and I get to pass on in peace. 

Has anyone of you had any experience with euthanasia? I live in Europe so I can have this done in Switzerland, the Netherlands, Portugal or Belgium. I’m not a citizen of either of these countries but I have sufficient funds to stay in any of these countries for as long as investigation might take. I’ve done extensive research on the process of this and I know what it’s about and the potential hardships that might come with it. 

I just really don’t want to die being a shell of myself. I want to LIVE as long as I live, and I want to die with dignity. I know I might live on for years and that this cancer fucking shit is very unpredictable, but I’m a planner and I like to plan. 

I would highly appreciate any experiences, advice or thoughts. 

Love you guys, you’re the best.