Username: jmonte1980
Date (UTC): 2018-08-23_20-52-06
Title: Stage 4 Colon Cancer/adenocarcinoid cancer.
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/99r479/stage_4_colon_canceradenocarcinoid_cancer/
Content:
Whatever guys... yes im terminal. Yes, im a 38 year old woman who got married and bought my first house a year later to the day of my diagnosis, yes i fought my ass off for 6? Years now.. yes i lost my god daughter at 13 to some random ass osteosarcoma half way thru my own battle..

Now im living life best i can.. im doin everything and anything to spend time with my family. I passed the six month mark they gave me or am just about to. Am i scared? I was.. i dont think i am anymore but i had wicked panic attacks for the first couple months after the terminal diagnosis.. when i went thru anaphalectic shock during a treatment and almost bought it then.

Hospice is great, but the pain is making me a little low down now. Im tired guys... i pray, ive made my peace with God. I want my niece to come get me when its time. Ive lurked here but havent posted much.. a long time ago a man was on here, he posted once abt having the wierd adenocarcinoid shit i have and he was terminal at the time, i was in here under a diff name. I told him i was 5 years in and i told him not to be afraid it was gonna be ok.. he answered me and then after a few months he was gone.. now its my turn.

My heart is broken for my wife.. my heart is broken for my elderly parents, my heart is broken for my brothers and sisters and their kids. Im just venting, ive been physically hurting alot lately and im depressed i guess. I have a go fund me for my funeral expenses and medical, ive done the whole support bla bla blah.

The whole thing.. so this is how it goes... listen, please, anyone out there thats feeling low, feeling their diagnosis is a fucking death sentence. Stop. Just stop and realize you may be punching your ticket sooner rather than later, but dont ever stop being you. Thats when u give in to this little bastard inside you.

Be you, even if your stuck in the bed, or in some damned hospital. Make aure your family sees you in there, be loved, love... in my time to think, thats what ive discovered. The whole point of this life is to love and be loved. Money doesnt mean shit, your career doesnt mean shit, your things and stuff doesnt mean shit. Its those you love and who love u that matter..

Never stop, never let go, not til its truly time to let go, and i hope its peaceful for all of us that are in this boat.