Username: Leilla_2002
Date (UTC): 2023-12-27_22-00-53
Title: If I get unsolicited medical advice or spiritual advice one more time, I'm going to McFreakin lose it.
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/18schn0/if_i_get_unsolicited_medical_advice_or_spiritual/
Content:
I am a 21 year old woman with terminal cancer. I have recently chosen to end life-lengthening treatment. I will most likely be dead before I turn 22. Yes, it sucks. Yes, it's unfair. Yes, I desperately wish I could have more time without going through more chemo or radiation or surgeries. No, that is not an invitation for every crazy idiot to come out of the woodwork and suggest woo-woo pseudo-science cures or try and preach their religion or spirituality at me.

I'm sure these people mean well but it drives me absolutely crazy. You are not my doctor. You do not know the specifics of my case. You cannot possibly provide accurate medical advice, even if you were an actual medical professional, and I'd wager the people doing this are not actual medical professionals. If turmeric or baking soda or B17 supplements were an actual cancer cure, we would not have cancer, and we sure as hell wouldn't be poisoning or irradiating or cutting into ourselves if we could just sleep with a crystal under our pillows instead. And no, there is no global conspiracy to keep people sick with cancer or kill people using cancer, and no one is secretly hiding the cure for cancer.

And I am quite happy with my personal understanding of death and my spiritual beliefs. I do not need to believe in any god or an afterlife to come to terms with my death. I am, in fact, quite content with the idea of nothingness. I like that this life was all I got, even if I didn't get much of it. It makes my life precious. What's the point if this was all just a blip before the real thing? Why would I want this to be nothing but a test to get into the right afterlife? If I have eternity in front of me, then the brief 22 years on this planet wouldn't mean anything. And if I'm wrong, then, cool, I'm wrong. But, more importantly, why do you care what I believe? My experience of death and whatever waits beyond has no impact on you. Preaching at someone who doesn't want to be preached at is nothing but self-serving. It isn't helpful, it isn't kind or comforting, it won't change someone's mind.

It costs you zero dollars and takes zero effort to keep your mouth shut in matters that are none of your business. You do not need to insert yourself and your beliefs into someone else's journey with their own death. You will not change a mind by annoying someone who is already dealing with something difficult. I assure you anyone with cancer or any serious illness has heard it all before, and all you're doing is reinforcing their contempt for your particular beliefs. Ask permission before preaching or giving advice, or better yet, only give your advice to people actively seeking it. It really isn't difficult to be respectful and kind.