Username: MiserableAd7410
Date (UTC): 2024-06-13_07-58-12
Title: When did I disappear? 
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/1detm2u/when_did_i_disappear/
Content:
After a year of fighting I am terminal. I will go in Monday for aggressive immunotherapy and chemotherapy in a palliative setting.

Now it's finally happening I find myself abandoned. 

I've been fighting for my children, my wife (she died December) and myself. Everything I've been doing I have done alone. Doctor visits, appointments for various procedures and even the day I was told I was terminal, I was alone.

Somehow I've become the bad guy, the guy who 'should go to hospice', the guy who's kids (via ex-wife) are suddenly too busy to see me.

My vision of being surrounded by love and companionship at the end has vanished. If I try to spend time with my family they are just not willing to be there.

I am frightening to the kids now. I should just stop bothering them. 

I get that they are frightened too. They will lose their dad. 13 and 15 years old, still young. But when I try to see them to comfort them, to show them that I am still alive now and that we should make some happy memories,  I am rejected. My ex-wife gets angry and mama bear about it all. It's like I am the bad one. 

We were so close before, we shared 50/50 custody, we all got on well. Now I am dying I have become some kind of irritant. 

I am utterly alone and feeling as if I am so evil for dying. 

I haven't expressed myself well. I'm not usually so 'poor me' but if I can't be sad when I'm dying when can I be? Why am I ostracised? 

EDIT/UPDATE:

What an amazing group of beautiful, compassionate, and understanding people you all are. Thank you for all of your words, I read each and every one and wish I had the strength to reply individually to you all. Especially those of you who are young and give me a perspective of how you feel/felt. I would only écho what others have said in that 'be kind to yourself' if you can. We can only do our best. 

I don't blame my kids for being the way they are. I feel their fear and want to help work through this with them, for them. Daddy has suddenly revealed himself to be mortal. Not the invincible hero we all were before this horrible disease struck. 

I have taken positive steps since posting, and your advice. One, I have tried to be kind to myself. To accept what I can not change. 

I have also taken my children and my ex-wife to an organisation that specialises in palliative care and who run the hospice I will inevitably become an unwilling guest of. They help the patient and the families navigate this choppy water with an objective view and the knowledge they have. None of us were taught this at home or at school. Just like being parents was never taught except by our own parents. And that is not always a great school :) 

There, I had the opportunity to tell them how I felt and hear what they felt. That I wanted to spend time with them. That I did not want to force them to do anything they felt they were not capable of and beg them not to feel guilty for anything. I just want to avoid them having regrets later in their lives because we squandered the time we have now. It's easier for me. I will die. They have to survive with all of this. They are resilient, thank God, and time will heal.

My ex-wife, who I was very cross with when I wrote the original post, is not a bad person. I realise that she is just as frightened by all of this as everyone else. She hasn't experienced death as I have. She is reacting protectively, but the meetings showed her that I am not a 'nightmare or threat', I am a human with feelings too and I got the chance to say this in a controlled environment. She only accepts what I say is true when it comes from someone else bizarrely :)

For me, it was an honour to spend the last three days of my own mother's life with her. Playing her songs, talking to her comatose body, keeping her as comfortable as possible until she eventually passed in my arms with me telling her how much I loved her. The chest that had given me food and comfort as a baby fell for the last time whilst my head was on it. She was not alone. 

I was, however, in my 30s. It's different for my children, and I get it. 

I think the psychology meetings, which will continue, really did help take some of the fear from them. I noticed immediately that they were more chatty and we spent some fun times flying a drone that afternoon. 

Tough times are ahead, but now we have guidance. Now I have a voice. I have an identity which isn't first and foremost a terminal cancer patient. I am still the same. I feel the same, I am the same man I ever was. 

I thank you all from the bottom of my heart for all the selfless love you have shown. It really helped me overcome the madness i was engulfed in. I wish each and every one of you peace and ease on whichever part of your journey you are on. 

May your beliefs hold you steady. I am also free to chat for anyone who needs help or just an ear. 

Love is all that matters. X