Username: multiwhoat
Date (UTC): 2023-08-11_21-26-47
Title: Is sepsis a good idea? Terminally ill dad
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskDocs/comments/15ol92w/is_sepsis_a_good_idea_terminally_ill_dad/
Content:
77M, 5'8", approximately 130 lbs, epilepsy since 1996, newly diagnosed brain tumor and hypertension. Now on meds for seizures, high blood pressure, and steroids to reduce swelling from the tumor.

Hey guys,

My dad has what seems to be a terminal brain tumor, and is currently living in a rehabilitation/skilled nursing facility. He recently developed a fever, terrible productive cough, was sleeping all day, etc. Blood test showed his WBC count is double what it should be. The on-site doctor thinks it's probably an infection from the wounds/lesions on his scalp.

Doctor said he could give antibiotics, but that he thinks it would be better to skip antibiotics and wait for my dad to become septic and die from that. He says this will be a better death than what could be further down the road - he seems particularly worried about the possibility of developing pneumonia. I asked isn't sepsis a painful way to die, and he said no, it's not painful, and they'll keep him comfortable with Tylenol. I agreed to it, but Dr. Google says that sepsis IS very painful (organs shutting down, heart attack symptoms, etc.), so I called the hospice line I was given - the nurse said he's never heard of forgoing antibiotics for an infection, even on hospice, and that it's worrying that this is the doctor's plan. I can't seem to find another doctor willing to talk for a second opinion, though.

I just need to hear your opinions on this. From your experience, is sepsis painful? Is this a plan that you've seen before and makes sense? Would you skip the antibiotics?

Any information or resources would be very much appreciated. Thank you!!!

......................

Edit: Thank you so, so much to everyone who has responded! I'm so grateful that this post gained so much attention, because I think I now have a better understanding of the possible experiences. 

From what I gather from your comments, it is possible to have sepsis without excruciating pain, but that isn't the norm. I wonder if the doctor has only ever seen those outliers, and that's why he expects that my dad will only require Tylenol 🤔

I asked the doctor to start him on antibiotics. Hopefully, I won't regret that decision, but considering the information I currently have, I can't purposely do that to him - especially since this doctor doesn't seem worried about the very real possibility of pain. I'm trying to get him moved somewhere that specifically deals with patients at the end of their life, but it's so far been impossible because he doesn't have Medi-Cal, yet.

If my dad does end up with sepsis at some point, I'll make sure to fight for the good pain and anxiety meds.

I'll be slowly responding to as many comments as I can, while I deal with the chaos. Just know that I truly appreciate every one of you for sharing your opinions and experiences ❤️