Username: Mysterious-Roll-2026
Date (UTC): 2025-01-30_16-30-47
Title: Just needed to vent
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/1idqwtv/just_needed_to_vent/
Content:
I have stage 4 lymphatic metastasis rare cancer. I'm not terminal yet but I've become permanently disabled. I was diagnosed in 2023. 

About 90% of the cancer patients that have my cancer have passed away. I'm part of a community group with this type of rare cancer, so when I searched through many of the old posts, the family members would share that their loved ones had lost the fight. 

I have 2 children and both are still school-aged. I'm in my 40s. Since my type of cancer can affect people of all ages, sometimes I feel utterly sad that little kids were diagnosed with this and they didn't even had a chance to experience life yet. 

I know I'm living on borrowed time. I got lucky that I am still alive especially with how aggressive this cancer is. The thought that I have a ticking time bomb in me would cripple my mind from time to time. I try not to focus on that and to just appreciate the present. 

Unlike when I was healthy, every little symptom sends me into a frenzy because it could be a sign my cancer is back. Due to the rarity of this cancer, there's currently no way to detect or monitor if there are (if any) cancerous cells that remains in my bloodstream or lymph nodes. I'm pretty much living in fear everyday.

It's mentally tiring to live this way. There are many times that I've told myself if it does come back, maybe I should just give up and end this fight. Even if I can get over one hurdle, it'll probably come back again in the future. 

Then again, what will my children think of me or say to my grandchildren in the future? That mommy or grandma just decided to surrender? What kind of role model would I be? 

I love my husband tremendously and he is my rock. No matter how much he loves me, he would never understand the turmoil that's in me and the trauma I went through. I hate to be a burden to him even though I already am. I don't want to keep worrying him with my morbid thoughts and feelings. 

My doctor prescribed me anxiety meds and I have cannabis to help me relax but these are only temporary. Talking to a therapist will probably help but unless someone has personally experienced what I'm going through, I don't think there's any point in telling or sharing these emotions or thoughts. 

Letting it all out here on Reddit actually makes me feel better. I don't need to put on a "I'm okay" mom, wife or sister face here. 

The only thing that keeps me going is to repeatedly telling myself "let go of things you can't control." 

If you've read it up to this point, thank you for staying. Vent over. 

