Username: Particular-Lynx-2586
Date (UTC): 2024-09-26_05-06-04
Title: New scan results - kicking cancer's ass!
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/1fpomu9/new_scan_results_kicking_cancers_ass/
Content:
For background - I'm 40 and have stage 4 HER2+ metastatic breast cancer, which had spread to my spinal cord, adrenal gland, and pituitary gland. I had a mastectomy to remove the primary tumor (5cm), been on tamoxifen and other drugs, chemotherapy for 12 weeks, radiation for my brain, and targeted therapy/chemotherapy combo every 3 weeks for the past 2 years (until now). I'm currently taking tdm-1 (kadcyla).

I've been on treatment for almost 4 years and will probably continue for the rest of my life. I'm glad to say that over time, one by one, the tumors disappeared. First, my spine got clear, then today, my adrenal gland. Today's scan results show that only the one in my pituitary remains, and it has stayed the same size for 8 months (yay!). I'm not sure if that's PCR or whatever, but regardless,

I feel so f#@$ing amazing.

In sharp contrast, on the first day of my diagnosis, I broke down and tearfully told my then boyfriend that I was going to die. And that he would have to take care of our daughter by himself, and that he should find a new girl, and that I wouldn't be around for much longer.

He stopped the car in the middle of the road and started yelling, "YOU'RE NOT GONNA DIE!" about a dozen times, banging on the steering wheel emphatically. Then he proposed and I asked, "are you sure?" in a tiny voice. We got married. He's been my rock ever since.

He's pushed me through every treatment cycle and been there to push protein shakes down my throat when I couldn't eat. He learned to cook and actually took classes just so he could make the damn kale and spinach and broccoli taste better. He's helped me through 2am nosebleeds every single goddamn day and brought me to the emergency room at any time of the day regardless if he hasn't had any sleep. He's been there to clean up my vomit (also thank you to our housekeeper). He's been there to get me sweating in the gym through the pain and pushed me to complete my first half marathon. And when I got pissed at his constant reminders (I get pissed a lot), he kept at it anyway and pushed me even more.

I'm healthy. I'm strong. I'll be there for my daughter's  graduation, I'll see her get married, I'll see my grandkids, he always tells me. Cancer will never beat me, he always says to me. I'm gonna live til I'm 90 and we'll retire together, he always repeats. Every time I get lazy and forget my discipline, he's on my ass and I hate it but he pushes me anyway. We've not been able to have any intimacy for months because of my constant bleeding but he's soldiered on regardless. I've been so bad to him, fighting him every step of the way. I've been the worst patient and have never truly listened; I've always been resistant yet he never wavered.

I'll never be able to repay him. But he says he will never need any type of repayment aside from me continuing to live life and be the best I can be. I've gone on speeches raising awareness and every time, he says, "don't mention me at all". And every time I talk to my friends about this, he tells me to say, "it's all you, don't talk about me." And whenever I make a post and accidentally mention "my husband said. ." he would go ballistic and yell at me to delete any mention of anything he's ever done for me.

So this is just my little anonymous way of thanking him coz he never allows me to mention him in any way. At least here, since he hates reddit, he won't know and won't get mad. :)

Today, I'm doing dozens of different hobbies as I'm pushed by my husband every day to do things to keep me positive. I'm getting really good at painting, which has become my enduring passion throughout this journey. I'm joining a dance competition soon as well, which has become my primary mode of exercise. I love videogames! I love fantasy! I love life. I love my family. I love my daughter so much and she's been my main inspiration to keep fighting.

So I just wanted to write this thing (sorry it's so long) to tell everyone here:

It's. Possible.
It's. Not. The. End.
There's. Hope.
Work. Your. Ass. Off.

Now, I realize that this message may rub some people the wrong way, and that some cancers are tougher. I know the feeling of hopelessness and the last thing you want is someone saying these words. I get that. I'm sorry if it sounds like I'm giving false hope.

However, I was at the very bottom at one point. Doctors have hammered home that stage 4 has no cure. I'll be on treatment forever bar some medical miracle. After radiation on my brain, I couldn't recognize my family members for weeks. I couldn't even remember my name. The tumor in my pituitary had grown to such a size that I could barely see. Right now, I bleed bleed bleed every day due to my treatment. My nose is a fountain and my mouth is a lake of blood every night. At one point, I thought about death nonstop and I felt like it too.

But I pushed through it and I'm kicking cancer's ass! And I'm just saying that you can do it too. You may not like it, like I f#$@ing hate it when my husband repeats it to me nonstop, but there. Is. Hope.

Phew. That's it. Sorry it was so long. I just hope that at least one person reads this and develops a positive attitude from it. If anyone needs a chat or any advice, just message me. Stay strong!