Username: radE8r
Date (UTC): 2020-06-25_16-45-39
Title: A somber celebration
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/hfpftr/a_somber_celebration/
Content:
One year ago today was the worst day of my life. I had finished treatment and at my first three-month checkup, my doctors told me that they saw little tumors in my bones. Until this point, they’d (mercifully) held off on explaining that my diagnosis is terminal. But when they saw the first metastases, they explained that curing me was impossible, and that they would only work to buy me time. If they trials didn’t work, I would have no more than 6 months.

But they have worked. I still have cancer, more metastases growing slowly in my body. I continue to feel good, to have energy, to feel happy. In the past year, I’ve climbed America’s tallest sand dune (entirely before breakfast), sipped tea on the beaches of Sri Lanka, built a pergola by hand in my own backyard, and adopted a dog of my very own. I’ve gotten to know my friends, and especially my family, in a deeper more genuine sense; we’ve all changed the things we value, and hold each other much closer than we did before. I’ve gotten much better at knowing myself. 

I guess my point is that I didn’t know any of this was coming. I didn’t expect any of this change, any of these blessings. I didn’t know how much of it would come from me. What’s going to happen can be forecast, but we don’t really know. The shadow of grief that I felt one year ago today is still there, but by wrestling with it, I’ve become more comfortable living with it. I have made space inside myself to allow it, and it is accompanied by joy and self-satisfaction. What we are facing here is very difficult, and I’m no guru or miracle worker who can promise it will get better. But the lesson I’ve taken from the past year still holds true: if you focus on dying, you aren’t using your time and energy to really live. So you gotta choose to do one or the other. 

I’m still going to die. But I don’t know when, and until I go, I’m gonna try to live every goddamn second. We don’t truly know how our lives are going to go, and we have to make sure some of the “what if” rabbit holes are good. 

Pardon my rambling musings, but it’s a nice day, and I’m gonna go sit in my back yard now. Thank you for reading, and I wish your time in this world to be full of meaning.