Username: rih_anon
Date (UTC): 2023-02-06_23-01-27
Title: It's ok to be ok
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/10vl3qv/its_ok_to_be_ok/
Content:
I was thinking about this and felt like sharing it. Understandably, lately I feel like I am constantly reminded that it's ok not to be ok. I understand why. But we put so much emphasis on that, that I hope we don't forget that it's also ok TO BE OK 💖 wether you have just been diagnosed, are doing treatments, in remission or facing a relapse, please know that its ok to still see beauty around you. For example, I have seen so many acts of pure love in the hospital, many of them coming from nurses who truly love their job. Nurses who cried with me, held my hand and hugged me. I have been living with cancer for 7 years, I have had moments where I felt true dispair, where I felt lost and scared but some of the most beautiful moments of my life (not cancer related) were experienced while I already had cancer. Don't assume that because you have cancer, you should always be miserable. No. You can laugh! You can dance! Give yourself permission to do that...even in the midst of terror. Just the other day I was sitting in the oncology clinic waiting room with another girl in her 20s, who also had a unilateral mastectomy like me, telling her that my fake boob fell off when I bent over to tie my shoes and we were laughing so much I was crying. A dear friend of mine who passed away from cancer was making cancer related jokes even in the week she died and I also have sweet memories of being with her, in the waiting room, laughing together. Another friend of mine who lives with terminal ovarian cancer is travelling the world and telling me stories about her dates, the other day she kissed a stranger she randomly met on the beach and she says she feels sexy even though she is dying (aren't we all?). 

Someone told me "I think you are dealing too well with cancer, you must be in denial". Fuck off. I shouldn't feel guilty for experiencing happiness even when I was getting treatments for example. I shouldn't feel like there is something wrong with me for being hopeful and grateful. For wanting to surround myself with people that give me hope. Hope is one of the most beautiful things in our existence.