Username: Successful_Pin4563
Date (UTC): 2024-06-04_14-31-33
Title: How to go forward after last chemo
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Cancersurvivors/comments/1d7yltm/how_to_go_forward_after_last_chemo/
Content:
Hi guys. I had my last round of chemo a week and a half ago. My doctor is fairly confident I am in remission. In January within 4 weeks of having symptoms I was diagnosed at 28 with primary mediastinal B-cell non-hodgkins lymphoma stage 1 which affects people from 15 to 44 and they do not know why it affects young people. But I was close to stage 2. I feel like since I got diagnosed due to the RE-POC regimen I went through and how strong it was I was just going through the motions. My mom, boyfriend, and his parents really stepped up and took care of me and I will forever be indebted to them. But now that’s it’s done and everyone keeps telling I’m cancer free and everything can go back to normal now! But nothing feels normal anymore to me. I honestly don’t even know what is normal. In and out of the hospital feeling like my body was giving out on me and I couldn’t control it. The countless amount of pain and mentally wanting to give up due do how strong my symptoms were. The first three treatments not knowing if the medicine would work were so damn scary. I pushed forward because 6months before I was diagnosed my 10 year old autistic nephew passed away from radiation complications and if he went through what he went through I could go through chemo. Some days I feel so guilty I survived and he didn’t. I miss him so much and so does my family.  I felt guilty when I got diagnosed of us having to go through cancer again so soon after even though I knew I couldn’t control it. I have always been so positive and the funny one. But mentally I’m not doing well secretly. How do you go back to normal after this? It’s hard accepting what I just went through and how this will always be apart of my journey. I fear of getting cancer again having to go through it again or worse being terminal. People think the second you finish your last round of chemo it’s done, but it’s not. I’m still having symptoms and my doctor said it could take up to 6 months for the chemo to get out of my body. I originally was going to be purchasing a house at the end of the year with my boyfriend and start a family next year. But I’m not sure if I can even have kids now from what I’ve been told. We didn’t have enough time to freeze my eggs and I’m slowly dying inside at that. I want to be a mother so badly and I wanted to find someone who I believed was the right person. If that was stolen from me by cancer I don’t know how I will react. Sorry this is so long I needed to rant a little. I am grateful I’m alive with a future ahead of me. But getting diagnosed changed everything around me so much and it changed me. I just want to be happy and to be adventurous carefree me again. Thanks for listening💙