Username: trivialoves
Date (UTC): 2021-07-22_22-18-50
Title: a rant
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/opojyb/a_rant/
Content:
I'm just so horribly mad at this point. I think a lot of my sadness is turning into anger. I'm so sick of having this stupid disease. I'm sick of people saying how horrible my disease is but also I'm the only one not allowed to be upset about it. all I see is posts about people dying from what I have and how hard it is for the loved ones but if I say treatment is bad people don't really care or they even say it's not that bad. whenever I do complain about my symptoms people tell me they're not That bad and/or that everyone goes through them. 

I'm sick of people around me - even my doctors who I previously really felt cared for me - seeming to genuinely think I'm the crazy one for not being super happy about living for like, 5-10 years. that's what I keep hearing. "sometimes people live 15 years with this!" well great lol. I'm just past 2. so in 13 more I will be 35. why do people think maybe living 15 years is something amazing? or at least not something I get to massively grieve over for a while? would you be happy to be told your child would best case, die in 5-15 years? would you Not worry constantly? with my disease it's constant posts about 50+ people dying and how tragic it is for others (not the patient, rarely mentioned) and I am reminded that the victim is apparently everyone around me and I should be happy to live to a fraction of their age. like whatever, I'm really gonna try to enjoy whatever I get.  but it's hard and I am so sick and tired of people acting like me living to half my parents' current age would be some happy story. especially when everyone around me gets to say it as a tragedy. I get people don't want to encourage a patient to be depressed and mad at the world but I constantly feel like it only matters how everyone else feels.

countless times I've searched things like 'coping with terminal illness' 'coping with GBM' etc. and half if not most of the results are for people to cope with my existence and suffering. it sucks being aware of the fact that you're not the center of your suffering, apparently. 

and I'm not fighting anything, ffs. I'm not going to lose my battle. I don't have great knowledge in experimenting with different diseases and dna and genes and creating new vaccines and chemotherapy. a diet won't get rid of my tumor. this isn't some fight I'm in it's something shitty that happened to me. that is happening to me. and I wish people sometimes would just acknowledge it instead of being so toxic positive while they're allowed to cry about my death and suffering and whatever.

edit: I don't really have the energy to reply to everyone atm because yeah tired lol but thank you so much for reading and ur words. it really does mean something that not everyone thinks I'm crazy or whatever.