Username: WhatTheFushigi
Date (UTC): 2024-02-25_01-38-51
Title: Cancer has brought me new hobbies 
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/1azbpzl/cancer_has_brought_me_new_hobbies/
Content:
Has anyone else developed any new hobbies due to your cancer diagnosis?  My cancers are supposedly terminal and yet I’ve been living pretty well over the past 18 months since I found out. I quickly qualified for disability which brought me some disposable income that I’ve never had before. I should also say that I live with my parents since I was diagnosed so my living costs are pretty low. 

I’ve decided that I like clocks. (Maybe it’s because I’m a terminal cancer patient who is obviously concerned with time?)  I’ve been buying small, vintage clocks from the’50’s.  I’m up to 14 clocks so I guess I’m considered a collector now. They are on the wall at the end of my bed and seeing them constantly makes me very happy. 

I’ve recently decided I love parrots. Not the real ones, but the wooden carved ones and the paper mâché painted ones that sit on a hoop.  I don’t know why I like them other than they make me happy. 

I have become a connoisseur of fake press-on nails. I have about 50 sets in a bin under my bed. I the patterns and the colors, they make me happy. 

My reading appetite is voracious. Sometimes I’ll finish 4 books a week or more. I love reading about history, fictional history, social justice, nonfiction cancer-based books, religious texts and biographies.  Reading definitely makes me happy

I can make beaded bracelets from my ample supply of materials. I love finding new combinations and designs. I find that this calms my mind. And makes me happy. 

I could go on but I think you get the picture. I’m only doing things that makes me happy. Does this make me a glutton?  I sort of feel like one if I’m being honest. But I have something inside of me that says “you won’t be around too much longer, enjoy life as it is” so that is what I do. I wish I could still work. Oh!  I loved my work!  But unfortunately I can’t keep up with the pace, I had to retire. Looking back at my post I can see now that I have filled up my life as best I can with other varied activities. 

Thank you for reading my long, involved post. I would love to hear if anyone can relate, even a small amount. I feel very lucky (yes, I feel lucky even with two types of terminal cancer!) that I am able to indulge myself these things. 



