Username: ABagofSunShine
Date (UTC): 2023-03-07_17-50-50
Title: *Trigger warning* This may be upsetting to read. Today I decided that my fight is over and it's time for hospice.
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/11l61w8/trigger_warning_this_may_be_upsetting_to_read/
Content:
As the title says, I think it's time.

I (48m) have terminal carcinoma with unidentified origin. It began in July with the severe night sweats. It took till October to get my cancer diagnosis while my family doctor ran every test under the sun. In October I checked myself into a hospital that was willing to CT and biopsy me right away. My oncologist can only narrow it down to head and neck type. With zero chance of cure. I have 5 tumors and a few of them are over 12cm with 2 growing thru my abdomen wall. Two more in my chest that have made my right arm useless and painful and the left painful to say down or sit. Most of my lymph nodes in my body are cancerous and the ones between my lungs are pressing on my esophagus and lungs. The ones in my neck just keep growing and it's hard to swallow. I've done chemo 5 times 3-4 weeks apart for the most part except for my last session which I delayed it for 6 weeks because I just couldn't face it again so soon.  When I do chemo it takes me two weeks or longer for the side effects to wear off and then in a few days I have to do it all over again. My side effects are extremely painful. It's 3 different types of chemo along with immunotherapy. For 4 days after I can't eat. I can barely drink fluids. for at least a week I can't even get up.  I consider it my own living hell. I just don't to suffer with it any longer. My next chemo session is scheduled for tomorrow. I just can't face it again.

I'm getting so thin that my legs barely work to walk. my right arm has become pretty much useless as the muscles have been eaten away so much i can't hold up a plate of food and when I flex my bicep I don't feel any of it left. Just a blank spot where it used to be. I'm in great pain all the time with my tumors leaning on my nerves and making parts of my body numb along with never ending pins and needles which itself is quite painful. I have barely the strength to even take a shit. I'm forced to pee in the urine container from a sitting position because I can't even lift myself from the couch or bed to stand without help. I sleep 14 hours a day waking up to eat or use the bathroom. I have a couple hours a day where I can sit and talk or watch tv. My wife works 10 hours a day 4 days a week and I don't have much help on those days even with her working from home. She has to stay accountable at work and if she gets fired her life would be ruined too.

I fear if i live much longer I will be a vegetable eating and shitting thru tubes. To me that is not being alive. And it's not something I want to go thru. Nor do I want my wife to have to care for a vegetable.

I'm sharing this here because frankly besides my wife I have no one to talk about it with. She's an amazing woman who has stuck with me thru this and done anything and everything she can to help me thru this part of life. I guess I just want to hear I'm making the right choice. That I'm not letting her down by not fighting longer. That It's okay to Not want to be a vegetable. Because I feel like I am failing and letting her down. But I think not taking this option would lead to far worse. I'm 48. I feel like I'm leaving her early in life and that I am letting her down so badly by dying. It's a strange but strong emotion of guilt.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

\*Edit\* Thank you all for the supportive responses I have received. It's way more than I ever expected. Love to you all.

And just as a side note I sat down with my wife and had a long talk about this before making my decision as to be well informed and all options weighed. The hardest decision I've ever made, but I am confident and comfortable that I'm making the right choice.

In my own usual dark joking words "I drove this meat wagon till the wheels came off. And now I will sit in the yard till the grass takes over me."