Username: Careless-Kale-9273
Date (UTC): 2024-02-07_18-50-53
Title: Advice/guidance - lung cancer spread to bones
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/lungcancer/comments/1alaene/adviceguidance_lung_cancer_spread_to_bones/
Content:
Hi all, 

I'm looking for some advice if anyone's able to give it - I appreciated that might not be possible. 

My step dad was diagnosed with lung cancer a year ago - he'd had throat cancer a few years ago too. He responded to chemo really well: one tumor disappeared and two others shrunk. He stopped chemo for a few months and was having radiotherapy. Test results came back in Jan and the cancer has already spread to his bones (in very little time, maybe three months or so). We were very shocked as he seemed to be getting better with the chemo. He's got a lot of pain in his hip, but will be having radiotherapy to manage this. He's having weekly chemo again. 

It's really hard to get information from my mum and him: they are not wanting to acknowledge things and fluctuate from optimism, to being very closed. I've obviously googled things (I know, I know) and the prognosis looks very scary. I want more information from them, but really don't want to push them too much. I'm scared that they are avoiding things and that this will make things harder in the long term (not getting to see people until things are very critical etc). I've tried to ask my mum about the prognosis and stage etc, but she said she hasn't asked. She said they know it's terminal, but don't want to know more.

My question is have others experienced this and what advice do you have? What questions can I ask that would be helpful? What information do you wish you knew? Are there medical things that it'd be helpful for me to know if they want to speak? 

My other question, which I appreciate is almost impossible to answer, is what should I expect? Is he likely to die in the next year, or less, or longer?  Please feel that you can be blunt and honest.

Again, sorry for all the questions and lack of detail. 

Thanks so much