Username: jdizzle161
Date (UTC): 2022-05-17_12-47-32
Title: Well, here we go
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/urlouc/well_here_we_go/
Content:
39 year old here.  Best shape of my life.  A few years back, I decided that I needed to make lifestyle changes so that I could be here to watch my son grow old.  Lost over 100lbs, working out on a regular basis, very regulated diet, and even started running for the first time in my life (I have run the Running with the Devil charity 5K in support of local hospitals).  We just got back from celebrating my sons birthday in Disney World a few weeks ago when I started getting abdominal pains.  At first, I thought it was just indigestion, but it got worse.  I ended up in the hospital two weeks ago, and they found gallstones.  They figured one escaped, so they did an MRI where they found a mass in my Bile Duct.  Went to get an ERCP and they found another mass in my duodenum.  Biopsy for that came in yesterday, and its adenocarcinoma.  Got the call from my GI saying, although the liver biopsy isn’t complete, it looks like the same there too.  Looks like I have cancer that resides in my biliary duct, and has spread to my duodenum.  

Talk about a shock!  The doctor said it’s almost unheard of for someone my age without a history of ulcerative colitis or a family history of this exact cancer to get this.  Guess I’m special.

We are seeing an Oncologist tomorrow.  This is the oncologist that treated my moms late stage ovarian cancer that every other doctor told her was terminal.  He kept her alive, now it’s his turn to deal with me.

It’s all weird though.  I’m not scared, I’m not upset, I’m not even in denial.  I have accepted it, and I’m ready to kick the shit out of this thing and move on!  I’m ready to put the foil on and fight this fucker! (Slapshot reference for those confused)  

The only thing that terrifies me is having to explain it to my 7 year old son.  We plan on doing that tomorrow after we meet with the oncologist and have a solid plan.  

This is also extremely weird and new to me.  I have never had any major health issues.  I have never even had a single stitch put in my body, not even a wisdom tooth removed.  Either way, gloves are off, and it’s fight time!

Sorry for the rant, I just needed to get it out of my system!