Username: Legal_Minute_2287
Date (UTC): 2024-08-18_17-23-36
Title: Long term survival.
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/1evenzv/long_term_survival/
Content:
I’ve been a part of this group for a while now, but I finally decided to share my story in hopes that it reaches the right person who needs to see it. I am the unicorn of cancer patients. I have always lived my life, knowing that I cannot control what happens to me, but I can control how I react to it. I grew up drinking poison water. We didn’t know it was poison water at the time until the chemical plant exploded and everyone developed cancer. My 2009 brain tumor diagnosis came first, an inoperable terminal malignant meningioma. It would be followed by 2011 stage 3 triple negative breast cancer. I would then also have precancerous masses removed in 2017. I would be treated successfully for the breast cancer in 2011 with no current reoccurrence of that particular breast cancer. I would also be successfully treated for the brain tumor in Hawaii (California would not try to treat it). I have been successful in treating my original diagnosis with no evidence of either one right now. However, this year on routine mammograms, I had 2 new primary breast cancers picked up. That would make 4 primary cancers so far in my life. It was caught early, stage 1. I am currently on a new seven-year treatment plan. I am doing Carboplatin, Taxotere and Keytruda. I will be on Keytruda for a year followed by 5 years of Tamoxifen. I was 37 when all of this started, I had two young children and now I am 53. I expect to get a very good result after all of the treatment and hopefully get another 15 or 20 years before I need treatment again. I would say acceptance is key in dealing with breast cancer. I accepted a long time ago that the likelihood I would need treatment again is pretty high, but ultimately that treatment would extend my life again. I guess I just want to encourage everyone that even though there’s no cure for breast cancer, you can still live your best life possible, so please don’t give up. I definitely had some really dark days especially after I had brain surgery, but I’m thankful I never gave up. I got to live much longer than originally thought, they said I wouldn’t make it past 40 and here I am at 53 I got to meet my grandchild. Please feel free to ask me anything.