Username: Peebery
Date (UTC): 2024-11-08_18-31-40
Title: How to navigate/advocate
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/coloncancer/comments/1gmpi77/how_to_navigateadvocate/
Content:
Hi friends,

Here’s a backstory. Two days ago, I had fevers up to 102.6. I kept throwing up Tylenol. I called my oncologist and I went in for an office visit and was Covid, flu, RSV negative. They sent me home after drawing a bunch of labs and monitoring my temp. 

Yesterday, at 5 am, I wake up with the worst pain I’ve ever had (outside of surgical pain). It felt like a searing knife was lodged in my left upper quadrant. I took my pain meds and an edible to try and reign the pain in. It progressively got worse throughout the day and became painful to take anything more than a shallow breath. decided to go to the ER. 
I explain in a cancer patient, and why I’m there and the nurse takes me straight back. 

The PA comes in, and it’s evident he hasn’t read my chart. I mention I was at my oncologist yesterday and they drew blood cultures, etc. He quite literally asked why I had an oncologist. Okay, maybe he was busy and thought I would be an easy case to pop in and pop out. Long story short, they offered IV nausea and pain meds and I gladly accepted. 3 1/2 hours later, the pain came back full force. The nurse asks about my pain and I answered honestly. I asked if I could have something for pain, again, because I’m writhing in pain in the hospital bed. Again, offered both nausea and pain meds and I accepted. The CT shows an enlarged spleen and progression of disease. 

At the end of the visit, the PA came back in to see me. He told me that I “need to get in pain management.” And I “can’t just come to the ER and ask for pain meds.” I explained that my home pain medication controls my normal pain very well. But this wasn’t my normal pain. He again says I need to meet with pain management and walks out. 

I can’t help but feel they were typecasting me as a drug seeker when in reality, the only thing that hurt more than this pain was my liver resection. I’m sorry, but I have terminal cancer. I’m 37. 

How do you navigate situations like this? What would you have done differently? I just kind of feel disrespected and not taken seriously. 