Username: SpicyWasabi_
Date (UTC): 2021-03-15_12-11-35
Title: Feeling hopeless
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/m5jbe8/feeling_hopeless/
Content:
Hello everyone. I sincerely apologise for the morbid post but I suppose given that this is a cancer subreddit, you’re gonna see that kinda stuff. 

I’m a 20 year old female struggling with breast cancer, but I was only diagnosed about roughly 7 months ago ?? I can’t really remember anymore. My cancer had been progressed to stage 3 by the time I figured out, but my oncologists let me know that because I’m young and healthy I’ll have a good shot. Well... that’s not really the case anymore. As I mentioned I was diagnosed at stage 3 but I’m on the brink of Stage 4/terminal now. I haven’t seen an ounce of progress since I started chemo, and before you ask I’ve tried multiple different treatments or “cocktails”. I am feeling worse every day, and I can see my fellow team at a loss of what to do. I’ve had a few close calls regarding death and I feel very scared that my time is up, especially with being so young and I have so many dreams...

Everybody talks about the physical aspects of cancer (nausea, hair loss, fatigue) but never the emotional. Never in my life have I been sucked into such a depressive state, and it’s agonising watching the people around me have to witness all of this. I want to make my family smile again, I want to travel the world and graduate university. I want to get married and I want to have kids, but knowing all of that won’t happen is just very upsetting. I don’t understand. I am an incredibly healthy person and always took care of myself and everything that I do, I’ve never smoked, never done drugs, rarely ever drink, and all that. I just spend so much time dwelling on the “why” aspect of this stuff which I don’t think is very healthy.

I’m just posting this to see if anyone can relate and maybe I can reach others who are going through the same thing and we can lean on each other for some support :’)