Username: winifredstarlitelf
Date (UTC): 2023-07-23_18-24-09
Title: Friends, Lend Me Your Ears
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/157m4t7/friends_lend_me_your_ears/
Content:
I'm 32. I turned 32 the month before I was diagnosed with Squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue. I knew I had cancer the month before I turned 32 because I did research and obsessed, looked up every and any possible diagnosis for what the spot on the side of my tongue could be. I delayed getting my spot looked at until the day after my birthday because I knew my life was going to change and, not only did I not want that to happen, I didn't want it to happen now. 

This was going to be the year I got pregnant and had a healthy pregnancy, a healthy baby, a rainbow baby to make up for the loss of the two pregnancies I had last year. This year was going to be the year my husband and I closed on a home. This year I was finally going to get to go to New Orleans and eat real Louisianna gumbo. 

None of that is going to happen this year. Cancer happened instead. 

I cried. I yelled. I threw a book and tore up a magazine. I stood in my driveway and screamed at God in my small town Southern neighborhood in front of my small town Southern Neighbors.  Why me? What the hell did I do to deserve cancer? As if I'm not broken enough. 

And then I took a deep breath and sat down and strapped in to the roller coaster. I came here, to reddit, to see if I could somehow find community in a community I still wasn't ready to admit I was a part of. The Cancer Community. 

I have come to learn so much about myself, about the strength of human will, and the tragedies and victories that bond a group of hundreds of thousands of people together. 

While I'm not going to say I'm lucky (hell none of us is, you guys, we have cancer) I found myself in this group, I am certainly blessed. You're all a bunch of bad ass warriors who are doing the most amazing things everyday. You're all fighting. You're all getting up every day, doing the absolute most you can to save a life. Your life. You're all freaking superpeople. 

We're being poisoned. We're being radiated. We're being cut into and sewn up and made jigsaw puzzles with our own bodies. But we are FIGHTING for our lives and we are doing it with everything we have in us. You can't tell me that isn't some Edgy Superhero Origins story type shit. 

The point of this post was to let you all know how amazed I am by each and every one of you. No matter what stage you're in, no matter what phase of treatment you're in, no matter if you've been in remission or are terminal and have been told you won't be with us much longer, I need you all to know that you amaze me every day with your strength, your will, your determination to have come this far. I am proud to be a warrior alongside all of you in this battle, and I look forward to celebrating your little victories and big wins as well as my own. 

Much love to you all.