Username: Gorio1961
Date (UTC): 2024-11-05_15-40-40
Title: Opinion: Fighters and bombers are what America needs to win – not quadcopters
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AirForce/comments/1gk9kg6/opinion_fighters_and_bombers_are_what_america/
Content:

 
By Gen. T. Michael Moseley (ret.)
November 1, 2024
Defense News
(https://www.defensenews.com/opinion/2024/10/31/fighters-and-bombers-are-what-america-needs-to-win-not-quadcopters/)
 
On Saturday, Israeli F-35 stealth fighter aircraft penetrated highly defended Iranian airspace, struck a broad number of military targets and returned home safe. Days earlier, U.S. B-2 stealth bombers struck multiple deeply buried Houthi arms caches. These missions illustrate a key point: Despite trendy arguments to the contrary, the United States still requires the most advanced fighters and bombers in our arsenal if we want to win in future conflicts.
 
Questioning the value of modern combat aircraft is not new within the Washington defense arena. Some observers of Russia-Ukraine fighting in trenches extrapolate that small drones are changing the nature of air warfare. However, these assertions ignore the fact that the drones’ impact is largely isolated to tactical Army ground operations, not on air warfare. Infantry and armor cannot move without being targeted by drones. Ukrainian fighter aircraft moving at 500 miles an hour are not affected.
 
While it is appropriate to recognize the impact of small drones in the battlespace, it is also crucial to be clear-eyed about the scale and scope of that potential. Quadcopters did nothing to prevent the Russia-Ukraine war from descending into a withering slog. Conditions for that type of fight were set when neither side secured air superiority. The U.S. must bear this in mind with extreme care as it prepares for a potential fight against China.
 
Deterring adversaries requires a successful plan and the requisite means to defeat them. This starts with the ability to control the air in times and places necessary to execute conventional strategic attack of key enemy centers of gravity, such as war material production, logistics, command leadership, control centers, communications, power generation and supply depots. An opponent cannot sustain a fight if their means to execute it are paralyzed or negated. This is why the stealthy penetrating B-21 bomber is so important.
 
Fighters like the F-35 and F-22 secure air superiority over enemy territory and U.S. forces while adding to strike capacity. The Next Generation Air Dominance (NGAD) advanced stealth fighter working in conjunction with uninhabited Collaborative Combat Aircraft (CCA) will take these mission capabilities to new heights.
 
Anyone questioning the importance of these critical airpower missions should review recent headlines. Consider the recent B-2 strike in Yemen. After months of intercepting Houthi missiles targeting international shipping in a reactionary, whack-a-mole fashion, the Biden administration finally sought to eliminate a source of these attacks by striking arms caches buried in hardened underground facilities. B-2s have the unique ability to carry weapons large enough to destroy these protective measures while also harnessing their stealth to avoid enemy threats. A swarm of quadcopters would be useless in this attack. Range, payload and survivability matter.

