Username: Hefty-Supermarket-79
Date (UTC): 2025-01-23_03-51-39
Title: Pain, swelling, but labs look much better, need ideas...
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/rheumatoidarthritis/comments/1i7upd9/pain_swelling_but_labs_look_much_better_need_ideas/
Content:
I am going back to my rheum in a few days and need a list of ideas and questions to ask her.

So, a bit of history:
I've dealt with so much in my 52 years. Some years better/worse than others. Autoimmune crud was speculated years ago, but didn't show in labs.

However, in case it adds to the puzzle that is me: I had scarlet fever 3 times (ages 6,12,18); meningitis when I was 31. And have had chronic Epstein Barr since I was 33.

I was diagnosed with EDS at 45, finally. And all kinds of gut related issues (SIBO, gastroparesis, gerd, nausea, MCAS), plus IC, rosacea, migraines, chronic fatigue. Add in late diagnosis of ADHD, and prone to depression and anxiety. 

In 2023, the annoying, often very painful, 'rosacea ' appeared as a nasty malar rash...which led to testing and a diagnosis of early stages lupus and rheumatoid arthritis. No apparent joint damage.

I started on hydroxychloroquine, and within 2 months, the hair loss stopped, pain and extreme fatigue lessened. 

After less than a year, EVERYTHING flared back up. Skin, pain, fatigue, hair loss, all of it. My old rheum said there was nothing else to do, but I was miserable. 

It took a long time, but I got in with a new, better, more progressive rheum.  Initially, my lupus labs showed that the hydroxychloroquine was helping those numbers. My RA factor was still high. Still no autoimmune joint damage, but definite arthritis. 

The rheum said that while my labs weren't bad, she said that they're not 100% accurate 100% of the time, and that I am clearly, incredibly inflamed and need help. She pointed out the on-going low-level malar rash, very swollen hands and fingers, swollen knees and shoulders...

She said that I am not ready/don't need meds like Saphnelo or Benlysta yet. She wanted to add methotrexate and folic acid, to what I am already doing.

4 weeks of hell. 3 of those were oral doses, the 4th was injection (I posted about that experience last week), was so much worse. Despite greatly increasing the folic acid and lots of Zofran, I was miserable. It is not up for debate, I am absolutely not taking methotrexate any more. Nope.

So, I keep hearing about the wonders of biologics for inflammation and improved life quality. 

I am concerned that with my current labs looking fine (likely due to the hydroxychloroquine), and despite the rheum acknowledging my extreme inflammation, I won't be offered anything to help...

Please share ideas on how to definitely be validated, or questions to ask that would get me to lead the conversation well. 

And unfortunately, I can't do prednisone, gabapentin, reglan, cortisone injections...things I have been given for different reasons, and had bad reactions to.

If your journey sounds at all like mine, what helped you?
