Username: Hefty-Supermarket-79
Date (UTC): 2025-01-27_06-17-57
Title: Weight, MCAS, inflammation, and meds protocol
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/MCAS/comments/1ib1kr4/weight_mcas_inflammation_and_meds_protocol/
Content:
I've got MCAS, diagnosed several years ago. For added fun, I have EDS,  SIBO, IC, chronic EBV, lupus and rheumatoid arthritis.

Ever since the roller coaster of SIBO, 10 yrs ago, I have struggled with my weight. At first, I couldn't keep weight on for anything. Then, in one month I gained 8 lbs, and within a year, 50lbs. All while eating very, very little. I learned that I have 2 types of SIBO, one causes weight loss, the other to gain.

Add to all of that MCAS and autoimmune disease, and getting my body in balance is damn hard. I avoid all trigger foods that set off various symptoms. 

No, I am not on a fully low histamine diet, as I spent years low histamine, and low fodmap, completely careful, and felt awful. So, I just avoid foods that make me miserable. Oh, and I don't eat processed foods, don't do much salt or sugar.

So, I am working with an EDS dr who is also a specialist in MCAS. She put me on the following protocol about 20 months ago:
Oral cromolyn sodium, 4x daily

Oral ketotifen, 2x daily

Claritin, 3x daily

Famotidine, 1x daily

It definitely helps the belly MCAS symptoms, although I have had a lot of nausea in recent months.

I can 100% say that the cromolyn sodium and ketotifen are essential for me.

I've been reading that Claritin and Zyrtec can screw with your metabolism. I am curious if anyone has any experience in this?

Partly out of curiosity. Partly because before this protocol, I had finally lost 8 lbs and kept it off for a few months...then it came back.

Add to it: I ran out of Claritin a week ago, so I started taking Zyrtec, because my dr said that was fine, and I am up 4 lbs, and my face is puffy...

All to end with: if you struggle to lose weight, and found success, what helped most?

I already workout, get the protein I need, hydrate, don't eat processed foods, my calories are decent (1600 avg), I have worked with an amazing dr to get ALL hormones and thyroid in check. So, I feel it's inflammation causing the issue. 

I have no issue with being a certain number. But the extra weight just doesn't feel good on my bones. Plus, I want to feel better overall!
