Username: IceDragon77
Date (UTC): 2022-11-20_06-15-57
Title: What's with elders and treating nurses like garbage?
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Winnipeg/comments/yzwwqn/whats_with_elders_and_treating_nurses_like_garbage/
Content:
Been at St. Boniface for the last week (turns out chemo and covid is a bad mix). I swear the things I hear elders say to the  people trying to treat them is absolutely horrible!

The man in the other bed in my room for example. Spends all day yelling at nurses and complaining that they won't let him go home with a urine infection. Earlier today I heard this conversation:

"Alright, here's your antibiotics"

"I don't want any pills"

"But then how are you supposed to get better"

"You can take those pills and shove them up your ass"

"That's not very nice to say to a lady"

"You're no lady"

Then he proceeded to start swearing until she just decided to leave the room.

Meanwhile I'm laying in bed and I feel awful for this poor person just trying to do their job. Like bruh, shut up and do as you're told and you'll get to go home.

Then there's this banshee down the hall constantly switching between screaming and crying. Every single waking moment all I hear is "BooohoobooohoohoooAAAAAAAAAAAHHHboohoohooo" as she asks for help but then starts screaming "DON'T FUCKING TOUCH ME" like she's being waterboarded whenever a nurse tries to help her. I don't know how many rooms away she is but even with our door closed I can hear all this through the god damn walls.

And those are just a couple examples of what I've experienced so far, and it's always been patients who are 50+ years old. Does reaching a certain age mean you suddenly are allowed to disrespect everyone around you? 

I swear, the people who work here and deal with shit like this every day are both insane and absolute saints. I try to be the perfect patient for you guys because I don't want to add on to the stress you deal with. Just want them to know I appreciate them immensely.

Rant over.
