Username: ismellpanties93
Date (UTC): 2022-03-18_19-26-59
Title: Alcohol induced hallucination?
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/thd0gy/alcohol_induced_hallucination/
Content:
Hey y’all I figured I’d ask here if anyones had the same thing happen, I’ve googled and so far come up with not that much relevant information. I’m also seeing my therapist next week so regardless of what the deal is, I’m getting to the bottom of it. 

So here’s the story. The other day I went to dinner with my SO and we had a LOT to drink after. I didn’t do any other drugs and I haven’t for quite some time now, however I am under active cancer treatment so I receive both radiation and chemo (don’t even know if that’s relevant but anyway). When we get home we get into a bit of an argument but we end it off nicely and he goes into the kitchen. 

When he returns (I’m in the hallway) it gets weird. All I remember is a feeling of absolute dread, I’m scared he is gonna hurt me, I remember him being extremely aggressive and screaming very hurtful things at me. I start to cry a lot and I just hold my hands over my face as I don’t know what to do. He leaves again. When he comes back I exclaim “don’t come near me” as I’m fucking scared at this point. He is all confused and doesn’t understand what happened. 

He proceeds to tell me that this part about him screaming etc never happened. 

I’m so confused. I’ve never had anything like this happen before. I go to bed completely shattered. When I wake up the next morning I wonder if I maybe have had some sort of psychotic episode? It was just that moment, it can’t have lasted more than a couple minutes but it felt like longer. I don’t drink every day or even more than once a week, most often less. I wouldn’t say I have an issue with alcohol but this incident has me so scared I definitely won’t be touching it for a while, and absolutely not in large amounts. This is something I’ll talk over with my therapist as well to hear her opinion and make a game plan cus fuck that shit. 

It’s worth mentioning that I’ve been in a relationship with my bf for 5 years, we’ve lived together for 4, we have two lovely cats together and we both make decent salaries, however I’m on 100% sick leave at the moment. I have been a total cunt in the past when I’ve gotten very drunk and I think I’m starting to realize that’s an actual issue I need to sort out regardless, but something like this has never happened before. 

Does any of this sound familiar to any of you? I’d take anything honestly because it’s seriously freaky. 


EDIT: I am in my late 20s. I’m otherwise a healthy female who eats normally, only so drugs for fun far in between (last time I did any was in mid December). I have been depressed once in my life before but I was never medicated, that’s 5 years ago. Never had any depressed episodes, thoughts etc. since then. 



TLDR; I got super drunk and imagined that my boyfriend was being absolutely horrible to me but apparently that didn’t happen and I wonder if I had a psychotic episode or something.
