Username: ismellpanties93
Date (UTC): 2023-07-25_14-38-00
Title: Problematic peeing
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/bengalcats/comments/159acii/problematic_peeing/
Content:
Hi everyone! 

I’ve had my Bengal for 7 years (he’s 8). He’s a neutered male. I know it’s a common issue but I am at my wits end here - he is peeing in corners, on doors, on the floor, in the shower, really anywhere but where we want him to. He’s so so sneaky about it as well, it’s like he knows he’s not supposed to! 

My partner and I have combatted this ever since we got him and we thought we finally were rid the issue as he hadn’t peed inside for 2 years after we moved houses. But now he has seemly recently taken up the habit once again. 

He is not stressed, there’s nothing physically wrong with him (multiple vet trips have proved that). He gets a lot of attention, play and mental stimulation. I have tried pheromones, lots and lots of litter boxes, moving litter boxes, all types of litter under the sun, taking him for walks outside (which seemed to actually worsen the problem). We cannot let him roam free outside as we live in a big city with lots of cars and he would surely get himself killed. 

I don’t. Know. What. To. Do. 

I am so utterly frustrated. This is the number 1 source of the fights I have with my partner and it’s such a sore topic at this stage we can hardly even talk about it anymore. I am so tired of living in the smell of cat pee, the constant fear every time I hear scratch noises, I don’t like having people over because it’s embarrassing, we can’t go on holiday as no one can be put to watching a pissing cat. 

I love him so much, he’s such a good, smart, little lad. He is affectionate and seems happy and loving. I am worried it’s time to consider rehoming him as we simply can’t live like this anymore? But I can’t bear the thought of that either. I am so lost.

Please, please help. I am at my wits end.

UPDATE
I just had e-consultation with my vet and we discussed some options. She was understanding but also couldn’t give me much advice as we’ve tried so much already. She’s still adamant it’s not a physical problem, as he has been vetted for this already multiple times. He does not show any change or discomfort when urinating. Diet is ok. Anxiety meds were discussed but vet isn’t convinced he’s stressed or anxious. I’ve tried pheromones before. Will try that again. We were referred to a behavior specialist but he’s not currently taking on private clients, I am trying to find someone who can come and meet us in our home and hopefully advise us on what changes we can make to improve the situation.
