Username: Mattastic1991
Date (UTC): 2024-08-12_00-24-26
Title: Funny chemo stories!! Gather round! 
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/1epzx7t/funny_chemo_stories_gather_round/
Content:
Do you have a funny incident from during chemo, treatment, check up visit, or just whatever during your time with cancer? 

Let's share!! No judgement zone!!! 
Laughter is a great medicine and infact my therapist told me of a man in the 40s who laughed himself into remission!! So let's all laugh during these difficult and strange times! 
Grab some coffee n doughnuts! 


STORY EPISODE ONE THE FRITO MENACE 


So, during the start of my chemo treatment, my sister was, and still does, helping take care of me since we lived together.  She had the idea to...well, gimmie some mary jane 😅 and me being the lame and boring person i am have never really have smoked before save a few times. 

So, i take too big of a hit when i had gotten home from a chemo session.  I'd like to note that my treatment was the one where i did 6 hrs in the infusion bay and then would go home with the portable pump for another and then come back the 3rd day for removal and a white blood cell booster,

Anywhos.....

I get home, i end up taking way too big of a hit and cough my guts out. I calm down after awhile and my sister helps carry me to bed. I rest for a bit and then i walk out to the living room on cloud 9 asking "SISTER WHERE ARE THE FRIIIITOOOOOOOOOOOOOS" to which she responds "i think we're out sorry dude" and me being out of mind get ultra sad and at the top of my lungs bellow out "nooooooooooooo my fritoooooooooooooooos. I love my fritooooooooooooooooooos" 

My sister is dying laughing and I'm sad we're put of fritos cause i love fritos, especially when we make walking tacos 🤣🤣🤣 and for pretty much the rest of the night, I'm just talking about how much i miss my fritos 🤣🤣😅😅😅 

Once i finally came down and was fully aware, my sister told me all about my obsession and how sad i was about fritos to which i goto the store and a big box of 50 little bags of fritos. 



The end. 





