Username: Mattastic1991
Date (UTC): 2024-04-15_14-46-21
Title: I'm a returning Guardian since quitting during Season Of The Worthy...
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/DestinyTheGame/comments/1c4o1b0/im_a_returning_guardian_since_quitting_during/
Content:
As the title says, i quit back during Season Of The Worthy because i was bored of the game. Been playing Destiny since Taken King was released and returning now...holy crap there's so much to do!! 

I started playing again on my series X and even got the 30th anniversary content, Beyond Light, Lightfall and basically everything so i could access anything and I gotta say, being gone for so long and coming back is honestly kinda nice. Yeah i missed out on alot, but during that time I was just mad at the game for well, being Destiny. Don't get me wrong, I love it but i have the same gripes as I think anyone else does about it. 

But I've been grinding since Iron Banner, and im at seasonal rank 90 and just now started Witchqueen and seriously i love how much I have to do now!!! I even have a better idea of what the heck I'm actually doing and even started finishing quest that I never finished. Plus i admit, coming from PS4 to Series X, the game runs so much better and smoother!!!

Here's the sad part, I've never really done any raids really or any of the dungeons except maybe a few times with an old clan i was apart of during 2018 - 2019
And it's my fault because I'm shy and terrified of talking on mic or scared I'll mess something up :/ I am trying my best to get over this anxiety but it's hard, but I do wanna experience the raids!! I've only ever done Spire Of Stars, Scourge of the Past, and Last Wish maybe a few times. 

With all that being said...It's kinda nice to be back and experience this game again. Reminding me of when I first picked up D1 back in 2016 and how it saved my life during a bad break up...i can still remember how I felt playing it during my first Dawning and how much it calmed me down. 


Anyway, sorry for rambling. Happy to be back and looking forward to Final Shape! 
