Username: Mattastic1991
Date (UTC): 2024-11-06_18-18-14
Title: Bad Ass Moments!!!
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/pancreaticcancer/comments/1gl53og/bad_ass_moments/
Content:
Hey you, yeah you! The Badass! You!!! 


Let's talk about bad ass moments that made us feel unstoppable during our time with this weakling of a sickness!!! 

I'll go first! *just incase it doesn't show cause I'm still an n00b with reddit, stage 4 pancreatic and liver cancer patient * 


I got diagnosed in 2022 at the age of 30, and during my 6 months of chemo, I had a wisdom tooth that needed to come out really bad. I made my appointment with my dentist at the time, filled him and his staff in that yes I was in the middle of going thru chemo, and that this day was on my off week from it. My dentist at the time was very hesitant, asking me if I was sure I wanted to go thru with them pulling the tooth out while I was going thru such a intense procedure and with what was being pumped into me. 

I replied "yes, i am sure. I'm on pain medication and I'll be fine, but please get this out!" 

He understands and agrees, I sign the paperwork and then get my numbing agent and like 2 or 3 shots of novacaine into my mouth. He gets the tooth pulling thingy or whatever expensive word it's called, and after about 5 mins of doing his thing, it was out! 

Sweet molasses with a side of asses....relief....


Him and a few of his staff stood around me ya know checking to make sure it was all out and I will never forget him telling me "You are seriously one of the strongest and toughest patients I've ever had. To he going thru chemo and braving having a tooth pulled...jesus" 


I felt so confident after that. 


My other favorite moment has been when I posted my story to a Mass Effect fan group on Facebook, and the flood of comments of people calling me "Bad Ass" "tough" "brave" "strong" 
And then having people message me or comment that I was an inspiration for them...I cried. I cried so hard because I never knew people would look up to me 🥹 I felt like a Hero. 

All my life I wanted to help people. When I'm down and depressed, I like to go back and read those comments and to remind myself that somehow, someway...people like me and were inspired by me. 



But enough about me, tell me your Bad Ass Moment Of Bad Assery!!! Anything!!! 
