Username: Mattastic1991
Date (UTC): 2024-05-30_17-08-18
Title: Disabled cancer patient with non working AC need help/guidance please! 
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/hvacadvice/comments/1d493zo/disabled_cancer_patient_with_non_working_ac_need/
Content:
Hello! I am Matthew and as the title says I'm  a disabled stage 4 pancreatic and liver cancer patient with a barely functioning AC. 

Back in 2021 near October, me and my sister bought our 1st house! We had a inspector go thru and said all was good and our realtor sold us on a home warranty and we specifically asked if it would cover the AC if there ever was a problem and of course she said "yes' 

Now, fast forward to February of 2022, i got diagnosed with stage 4 pancreatic and liver cancer and had to go thru chemo for 6 months so i ended up becoming disabled and unable tl ever return to work due to the amount of damage my body took. 

During that time, summer came, and we noticed the AC wasn't cooling the house down at all. So we called the home warranty and they sent out a tech from a company who defrosted our coils in the furnace room. Well, that didn't help at all. So we had called again and they sent out another tech who said "the compressor is not holding pressure" and told us it needs to be completely replaced, especially since it was under the old refrigerant that's been phased out  *house was built in 82"* 

Well, time passes and I'm just misrable in my house with it being over 80°F and still doing chemo, so i reached out to our home warranty and they told me "we are not going tl replace it because of abnormal circumstances" which at this point i was too weak to pursue any further and so all i could so was just cancel my warranty. 

So here we are 2 years later and still having the same issue.  I don't have good credit at all due to everything thats happened to me, and with summer starting here in NW Indiana, i honestly don't know what to do and overall just feel defeated and helpless. 

We did get 2 portable units since we have sliding windows, and those just barely helped at all. I am on SS Disability but i mean most of it is eaten up by my mortgage which i am sure many of you can understand.  


So if anyone has any help or advice on what we can do, I'm all ears and i do appreciate anyone who is reading this and is trying to help. I just want me and my sister to be comfortable especially since she's done alot to help take care of me. 


If it helps, my unit is a Lennox elite series
