Username: Particular-Lynx-2586
Date (UTC): 2025-02-09_23-33-31
Title: I'm ashamed to say that the UI has made me quit temporarily.
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/civ/comments/1ilsivp/im_ashamed_to_say_that_the_ui_has_made_me_quit/
Content:
I actually agree with most critics and sane posters - the game is great. The ages are fantastic as they motivate me to finish games even if I'm losing or winning. The streamlining of concepts is great. The music is awesome. And they included my favorite person of all time as a playable leader.

But the UI is really, really, really a mess. I'm not a young lady anymore and my eyesight isn't great so I have to make the text bigger, which then makes the text fall all over the place. That was the first OMG moment for me. I had never seen something like that before. Everything looks blurry. I can't even see what units are on a particular tile as the icon is so small. The tech trees are so amateurish looking that my daughter remarked she could design a better looking one (she's a kid). I'm so confused about everything despite me actually recognizing that the game is better than civ 6.

I. . Don't feel that one more turn feeling because I'm so pissed at having a hard time understanding what's going on and looking at shitty buttons and numbers that don't have context. I keep thinking "what the hell is this number for?" I keep scrolling over stuff that I shouldn't have to, when in civ 6 everything was just so obvious.

I always criticize people who announce that they're "quitting" a game and here I am doing that very thing - shame me. But this is a little different. I love civilization so much and I've been defending it pre-release and I currently love the game too - but the UI defeated me. I thought people were exaggerating at how bad it is but. . Even as a lifelong fan from civ 1, the UI must be fixed before I return. Rant over, sorry.

Edit: to clarify, I refunded the game out of pure rage at the UI. Maybe that was a bit of an emotional decision. But I'll buy it again if they fix it.
