Username: Particular-Lynx-2586
Date (UTC): 2024-10-10_07-36-14
Title: AIO when I get upset if my husband asks about our financial situation?
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmIOverreacting/comments/1g0dgn1/aio_when_i_get_upset_if_my_husband_asks_about_our/
Content:
I'm (40f) the breadwinner of the family and my husband voluntarily closed down his business in order to take better care of our daughter and myself.

I was diagnosed with cancer almost 4 years ago. I'm fine now (story in my profile) and living a very active lifestyle. I run a successful business and we don't have any financial difficulties whatsoever. Even with my diagnosis, I didn't want to stop working as honestly, it gives me purpose and keeps me positive.

To facilate this, my husband took it upon himself to end his career so that he could always cook healthy meals for me, be my physical trainer, be my on-call nurse (he trained himself), do all the house chores and errands, and basically always be available at all times whenever I needed to go to the hospital or some other emergency. This has enabled me to continue my work without worrying about anything.

Sometimes, though, he has a tendency to panic about our family's finances. I get it coz he isn't involved in it at all anymore so of course there will be some trepidation. I do my best to reassure him that things are fine and we can afford to go on vacations or buy gadgets and whatnot. However, every time I buy something remotely expensive or I make some investment in anything, he literally flies off the wall.

It feels like he doesn't trust me. I'm not saying I'm some financial wizard or anything but in the intervening years after my diagnosis, I've basically doubled our net worth despite him not working anymore. Yet just last night, he was questioning me again and panicking about our financial situation. I showed him our bank statements but he still feels that we need to save more, stop spending, cancel our vacation, etc.

I get really annoyed and upset whenever he does this. Last night, I got pissed when he kept on about it. I felt like all my hard work was being marginalized. I'm not sure what to say or do anymore to get him to simply stop worrying. Am I overreacting?
