Username: Particular-Lynx-2586
Date (UTC): 2024-10-25_20-14-08
Title: Update 2: husband doesn't realize he's well-endowed. Just used some tools and toys.
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/bigdickproblems/comments/1gc3la3/update_2_husband_doesnt_realize_hes_wellendowed/
Content:
For context on my last update yesterday:

https://www.reddit.com/r/bigdickproblems/s/WdaFYvbeYv

Basically, a lot of kind people here offered lots of suggestions on how I could solve our intimacy issue (I have cancer and we can't have sex, husband is too big for oral, full story in my profile) and I implemented a bunch of them and they worked out great.

Many of the other tips I received centered around using tools and toys and today, they arrived. I can't discuss them in detail but basically I got a sleeve, a vibrating ring, and a silicone vagina. Thank you to the commenters who suggested them.

But the only thing that ended up helping was the vibrating ring. Someone sent me a dm about it and explained how it's used, so thank you, coz it really worked! At first, it was uncomfortable to put on but thankfully it was stretchable. It made him even bigger (I didn't think it was possible) and harder than usual and I suppose it salvaged the evening for us.

The other 2 were too small for him to fit, and they were already the largest sizes I could find (admittedly, I'm in a rather conservative area, sex shops aren't so common around here, and international shipping is abysmal). When we did marginally succeed with the sleeve, it irritated him and he described the feeling as like being sucked on by a clammy fish. We laughed so hard at that. Maybe we just didn't use it right.

About dirty talk and eye contact. . I'm still terrible. Whenever I say anything, I still sound like an AI. I have a foreign accent so when I speak, it doesn't sound natural. Complimenting him about his size made me cringe. My moans also sounded like sheep coz I'm not actually turned on. I'm not allowed to be coz I would bleed like crazy, which is why we can't have sex in the first place. This led to eye contact being a problem coz looking at his face filled with pleasure makes it impossible for me to not be turned on, which led my nose to bleed immediately.

Still, it turned out well, probably better than yesterday coz we were laughing so much while using the toys. After my bleeding stopped, we just went with what we did yesterday, this time while wearing the vibrating ring, (focusing licking on his testicles while using my hands) and added someone's suggestion to lick his perineum (which drove him crazy). There's clearly a lot of room for improvement though. Overall, he's having a blast and I'm comfortable doing it. No more gagging for me! I'm really happy about the improvements we've made.

I honestly feel like I'm connecting with this community coz somehow, you understand my issues, forgiving my ineptitude, and I appreciate that a lot. It might seem like a small issue (woman can't handle her husband's size) but with my circumstances, it means a lot that I've been able to solve it. I love my husband and I don't want him to feel deprived of anything.

If anyone has other suggestions, feel free to let me know. :)
