Username: radE8r
Date (UTC): 2020-11-12_01-20-50
Title: I’m conflicted, bros.
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/bropill/comments/jsl5vt/im_conflicted_bros/
Content:
Hey bros. I did a scary thing today: I broke up with a girl. I’m not very assertive, especially in matters of heart, so it’s kind of a big deal for me. I don’t know how to feel.

We’ve been texting each other since March, and it was really good for many months. Recently though, she pretty much quit texting me back, and so even though she wasn’t properly ghosting me, I felt abandoned and unimportant. I explained that it was causing me to struggle to stay happy, and asked her for increased emotional intimacy, but she replied that she was taxing herself too much to text me back every day, and that she didn’t have the interest or energy for increased intimacy (her own mental health reasons). 

That really hurt, bros. I’m housebound from COVID (and terminal cancer, but that’s not really the issue here), and I struggle with the loneliness and isolation. What’s worse is that we met though mutual best friends — they all went to the same high school, and I met our mutual friends in college — so while I’m not completely without a support system, it’s complicated because I’m afraid I can’t vent my feelings honestly to my best friends. 

I sat on it for a few days, unable to decide if I wanted to go on a break (her preference) or break up entirely (my preference). I put it to her that I wanted to break up, and she understood. We talked just a little bit more about what went wrong between us, and when she expressed a hope to remain friends, and I said that I would like that after an appropriate healing period — and no promises made. 

Bros, this was like two hours ago, and I’m already wracked with regret. I’m doubting myself, hard. When she ghosted me, I would wait by the phone and simmer, resenting her and desiring her with equal measure. Now I’m afraid that I actually would have been strong enough to go on a break and that I just threw away my last chance at romance (bc cancer). At the same time, I’m afraid that is we hadn’t broken up, I would have just repeated the same cycle of simmering waiting for her to warm up again.

I think I chose right. I think I’m just confusing the pain of separation with the pain of choosing wrongly. I hate that I hurt her with our breakdown of communication months ago, but also that I hurt her by choosing myself. I’m so frustrated, but I don’t think she and I can ever get to where we wanted to be. I feel like we both let each other down. 

I don’t know if I want advice or comfort, I just feel like I need another human to know what’s up tonight. I broke my own heart trying to save it. Hope you bros can forgive my crytyping. I love you bros.

Edit: fixed a word
