Username: radE8r
Date (UTC): 2022-08-28_20-48-14
Title: Healthy emotional self-reliance: sorting between mental health/toxic masculinity and legitimate needs?
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/bropill/comments/x05oa1/healthy_emotional_selfreliance_sorting_between/
Content:
Hey bros! Thanks for listening. I'm working on being better at emotional intimacy/honesty with my loved ones, but I reproach myself for 'depending' on them. I know this is cultural baggage from toxic masculinity, but how do I balance getting my needs met without demanding too much from them? Especially since I'm having mental health difficulties, and my needs are elevated at the moment? **How can I tell when it's a legitimate need vs. depending on outside validation?**

I'm a few weeks into my therapy journey, and it's going well. Forcing myself to regularly take stock of what I'm feeling and comparing it day to day is beginning to help me understand a lot of what's going on in my mental landscape. I used to have a large circle of friends, but as I've gotten older it's become a small circle of deep, high-quality friendships. My understanding is that this is normal. I'm also talking to a person I'd like to see as a partner one day. (She feels similarly.) 

As I become more aware of what's happening in my head, I'm starting to notice some patterns around emotional intimacy and leaning on my social circles for support. I'll want to send a meme or a cute, flirty message or ask if someone wants to hang out on a phone call, and immdiately start kicking myself. My bad self-talk will say "you're always bothering them" or "they're not messaging back because you said 'so-and-so'." I understand that bad self-talk is a dynamic in my head, and I'm starting to get better at identifying it. But it's also confusing me and making it hard to trust whether what I'm asking of my friends is reasonable or not. 

On the flip side, there's an awareness that others have their own lives and needs with limited time and resources. They're my friends and they love me, but it's also not their job to supply me with happygoodtimes; that's a skill I need to continue working on. But how do I know when that impulse for self-reliance is a measured consideration of others, and when it's mental health + toxic masculinity telling me to "man up and not bother anyone with your shit"?
