Username: radE8r
Date (UTC): 2022-04-23_15-49-37
Title: TIFU in the Zen monastery
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Buddhism/comments/ua8bhx/tifu_in_the_zen_monastery/
Content:
In all honesty, not today, but last weekend. I had the opportunity to visit the local (-ish) monastery and meet the Roshi there. He invited me to join them for supper and the evening sits.

So for those of you who are not aware (myself included), Zen monasteries have very strict discipline in how you conduct yourself: there's a way to stand up, a way to sit down, a way to walk, and a way to stand. A special way to do everything. Oh, and it should be done in complete silence too.

So naturally, everything you do is highly ritualized, which is the ideal environment for practicing meditation-in-movement... and for embarrassing the new guy. 

Here's the FU. Supper is no different; you set out your row of bowls and wait in silence while the cook dishes out the food in (what I assume is) order of seniority. Portion sizes are determined by a "say when" system, but instead of using your voice, you use a flick of your hand to tell them to stop dishing you food. But they won't stop unless you flick your hand correctly. So by the time I figured out what do, I had a heaping bowl of white rice at least the size of a softball, more than I could hold in my hands.

Supper is a silent affair, but also a fast one. You eat as quickly as you can, in order to get back to the zendo and sit for a while before dokusan. And nobody leaves until everybody is done. So I was scarfing down my food as quickly as possible, enjoying the pepper tofu stirfry and completely forgot about all the rice. Which meant that once I had finished everything and everyone else was done, I still had this massive bowlful of rice to work through. Dry, plain white rice. 

And nobody goes back to the zendo until all the food is gone. The brother in charge of discipline won't bend the rules for me, it's all gotta be eaten. "Just put as much in your mouth as you can," he says. "Mind over matter." So I do. I'm sitting there, surrounded by five other full-time practitioners, in total silence, while I try to shove as much rice in my mouth as I possibly can. There is no sound in the room but the noises of me coughing and swallowing, struggling to eat two meals' worth of cereal grain with no water to wash it down. There is nothing happening but me fighting myself, trying to force my dry, dry mouth to keep chewing bite after bite of plain rice. For what felt like 10 whole minutes, I became one with the embarrassment. I know it took too long because when we got back to the zendo, our butts were on the cusions for maybe two minutes tops before we got up and did walking meditation.

I was embarrassed for interrupting their schedules, but at the same time, I was cracking up at myself. You always feel out of place when everybody else knows what's going on, and this was no exception. It was really a non-issue, and definitely not the biggest faux pas that visitors have made, but I felt so sheepish for taking too much rice and making it everybody else's problem. Guess I gotta learn to say "when" sooner. 

Really though, they were all super welcoming and understanding. Everyone's patience while I bumbled around and struggled to match pace for walking mediation (Rinzai goes *fast*) and tripped over my legs trying to remember to bow leaving and entering the zendo really meant a lot to me. Hopefully it goes smoother next time, and I hope I gave them something to laugh about!
