Username: radE8r
Date (UTC): 2022-01-26_20-27-45
Title: Can we talk about pointing out? Questions for more advanced practitioners
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Dzogchen/comments/sdfjf5/can_we_talk_about_pointing_out_questions_for_more/
Content:
I think the purpose of this post is to see how far off-base my thinking is, and to get feedback or see if anyone relates.

(Background: I've considered myself a student of the Vajrayana, specifically the Nyingma school's Dzogchen teachings, for a little more than a year now. The reason for 'secrecy' around Dzogchen makes sense to me and I don't have a problem with that. Potential students should be vetted.)

I've received pointing out instructions from two fairly well-regarded lamas; one rather traditional and one very much not. I think the pointing out instructions might have worked to some extent, which leads me to my first question: *Can pointing out only "kind of" work?*

I've reached out to both lamas, hoping to start a conversation about this. Both times, I got a rather lukewarm, non-committal answer which didn't help. This has left me exasperated as to where I stand with either of the teachers. On the one hand, putting their instructions into practice hasn't yielded the breathtaking transformative experience that Dzogchen teachers speak of; but on the other hand, what I'm experiencing on the cushion isn't *nothing*.

This has led me to begin exploring the Chan/Zen schools more closely. I know that "Are Dzogchen and Zen the same?" is a relatively common question asked here, and it's not necessarily my intent to raise that topic. But I'm aware that both traditions make a path out of first experiencing and then embodying Buddhanature (or Tathagathagarbha). I'm curious to see if any can weigh in and see if I'm completely wrong about my conclusions.

Meido Moore Roshi's books have been my entry point, and he explains that kensho (the experience of Buddhanature) can be either deep or shallow. He continues to explain that once a student has had a kensho experience, the teacher's task is to provide practices which increase a student's familiarity with it and make it easier to embody the experience off the cushion too. So a relatively "small" kensho can be worked into a "bigger" kensho.

Can it work similarly in Dzogchen? As I mentioned above, my experiences have been more than normal waking-state experience, but less dramatic than how teachers describe it. It doesn't seem to be a black/white binary, but I've tried to initiate conversations with both teachers and have been left feeling... ignored, I guess. I really haven't gotten the chance to explain this half-way position I'm stuck in, and that's what frustrates me.

Here's where I need feedback to see what I might be misunderstanding. To bring this around to the rest of my questions, I think  the reason I'm attracted to Zen is because it seems to have a larger 'window of admittance' to practice. In Dzogchen (as well as Mahamudra), you shop around for teachers, taking pointing out instructions until you meet your root guru, the "one true" teacher for your lifetime who cracks you wide open and gives you that *full* kensho experience (I don't know if there's an equivalent Tibetan word for direct experience of Buddhanature), and you study with them for at least the rest of your life. In the Zen approach, it seems to be less utterly dependent on the one teacher: students can have deep or shallow kensho experiences on their own, without having ever met their teacher. (However, Moore Roshi explains that only a qualified teacher can confirm legitimate kensho, and that true progress on the path can only occur under a teacher's guidance.)

So it seems that in Nyingma Dzogchen, the path *only* begins with a "big enough" kensho experience of n = 1, whereas in Zen, the path can begin with a kensho experience of n = <1. It seems that Zen embraces "smaller" kenshos and works up to bigger, but that Dzogchen only recognizes a direct Buddhanature experience that is "big enough" (breathtaking and transformative, like teachers and masters describe). I know this sounds crazy (especially the mathematical language), and I'm not sure it works like this, but hey, that's why I'm asking questions here.

So, my final questions are: Should I bother the lamas again and explain that I need better guidance? Am I completely out of touch here?  All this has been the culmination of a period of questioning whether the Vajrayana is right for me, and I'm more and more seriously considering Zen. I just don't know where I stand.

EDIT: Forgot to mention, I don't want to badmouth anybody. I'm just isolated from any community which could help. 

Also, I accept answers/responses in the PMs.
