Username: Rathar3
Date (UTC): 2021-11-04_13-28-41
Title: What i read.
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/qmkkqs/what_i_read/
Content:
I been on here off and on for awhile. I took a break over the summer to enjoy the warm weather and have fun. Been building and flying my r/c planes and traveling to other clubs to fly. I have meet many people and have enjoyed this time.

For those who have not read my other posts i will tell you about me. I have stage 4 throat cancer that metastasized to my lymph nodes i am incurable and  inoperable or terminal in the Dr's words. The lymph nodes are clear now and the big tumor in my throat is back under control. How long i have i have no idea but this coming Monday will be my 34 cycle with both Fluorouracil and Oxalipltin once a month and the Fluorouracil by weekly thru a pump i wear for 46 hours.

I have seen hope fears depression anger just about every emotion. Some shock me others not so much. Cancer is never a club anyone wants to join willingly but once you have it there are 2 outcomes you beat it or it beats you it really will not go any other way. I have seen people just shut down both physically and mentally wither away and die in my 16 months of fighting cancer. I have seen people rise above it and live on till the day comes that we all fear.

My question which are you ? I will not allow cancer to dictate my life. I live around it and live with it but it does not rule me. I still go out i still spend time with friends and family i go flying and enjoy the day when i can. Yes chemo week sucks yes i get sick and sleep 60 to 80 hours yes i am dizzy and deep in the chemo fog but it lifts in a few days then life goes on.

And that is my point life goes on. With or without cancer life will go on. You can embrace the time you have left or sit in the dark place cursing the world. Either is your choice. I would rather have one good day on my front porch talking to my neighbors and the college kids that walk by than being alone.

I am not trying to be mean or downplay the emotions cancer brings on in people i was angry and depressed at first to but that lasted about a month then i said screw this i will live while i can.

For those reading and still wondering if i am sure of what i am saying yes i am . My mother also passed from cancer she was given a year tops she made it 3 years 2 months before she died so i know whats coming for me i have seen the monster face to face i used to take her to the same cancer treatment center i go to now.

&#x200B;

When people ask me about cancer i say its life and you have to live with it. This shocks many but its the truth i cant change it so in the end why worry about it?
