Username: Rathar3
Date (UTC): 2021-09-07_17-34-01
Title: Entitled Man wants free Batteries
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/EntitledPeople/comments/pjrt39/entitled_man_wants_free_batteries/
Content:
Not sure if this fits here but. I fly r/c airplanes its a hobby and therapy for me due the fact i have cancer.

Now i do chemo every other week and will for the rest of my life and i wear a chemo pump for 3 days that's powered by 4 double a batteries so after my 29th cycle i have gotten a pile of new and used double a batteries. I get 8 per cycle.  Now on to the story.

I took a big bag of the x2aa to the flying field to share and give away to members that wanted/needed them as all my planes and radios have rechargeable ones. After a while i saw they were all gone and i was happy to see them being put to use and not wasted. A few members said thanks and that's all i really heard till the next day.

A man comes up and asks if i was the guy that brought the x2aa batteries and i said yes he then states he needs more of them and how soon can i get more. I was a little shocked but asked him to explain what he meant.

He said he used radios at work and he was always buying them and he pretty much took all of them but needed more. For a perspective on how many he took was around 200 of them  29 cycles x 8 batteries. Unlike so many posters here i am like a man on death row only difference is i am not in prison i know my time is short so my filter is gone if i offended you i really dont care anymore i live for me in the few years i have left.

So i told the jackass to f off go away and leave me alone he starts ranting he needed these and i better get more or else. Wrong thing to say. I told him i am slowing dying from cancer and if he ever threatened me again he would regret it.

He went to the club president and complained about me and they told him i had been a member for 19 years and i was sick and not to mess with me because i just dont care anymore and if he remained acting this way he would be removed from the club. So i figure it was over but NOPE. 2 days later i get a call from john the club president stating they removed him and banned him after he started calling members and was trying to get me kicked out of the club.

All over some free double aa batteries that cost a few bucks. Some people just make me sick.
