Username: Strong_Poem3692
Date (UTC): 2022-08-21_10-56-43
Title: The life between treatments and surgeries
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/breastcancer/comments/wtwt5l/the_life_between_treatments_and_surgeries/
Content:
Hey there,
I have been a bc patient since 2019, recently found out about my PALB2 gene mutation and having my 2nd mastectomy soon. 
Between surgeries and radiation, I’m supposed to live a “normal life” since I’m just put on AIs and that’s it for now.
I’m stage IV due to small bone mets and because my cancer is not treatable with chemo, the AIs are all what’s to do (apart from psychopharmacology).
So to my friends and family it all looks very easy- just take 1 pill a day and have your cancer spread very slowly and live a normal life. After 3 years being away from the job and in and out hospitals, I don’t even know how anymore.
The ugly truth is: Everything hurts whenever I get up. I have very low energy. My bones hurt like crazy. I was given 5-7 more years to live. It all looks so easy to everyone else. But depression is hitting me hard these days and my bf makes me feel like I don’t get to complain about anything because I’m still okay despite being stage IV.
I do see a shrink, I go to group sessions, I do every treatment my doctor recommends but no one seems to take me seriously these days anymore.
I had to go see a dentist several times because the AIs make my bones so weak, I start losing teeth (and I had healthy teeth all my life until now), they seem to crumble away. Last time, my dentist took 2 wisdom teeth and when I got home I should’ve laid down for a while as the wounds were still bleeding. And my bf really gave me sh** for that. He said “We know you’re in pain, we know you’re sick. Finally stop complaining about it, I can’t listen to that crap anymore.”
My psychiatrist says it’s his way of coping: rage. But I feel like I’m so alone. Nobody really takes the time to listen to me anymore because it’s nothing new. Wth? Am I alone with these thoughts??
