Username: trivialoves
Date (UTC): 2022-08-27_14-05-39
Title: toxic positivity
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/wz3pgc/toxic_positivity/
Content:
another post about it but oh well, I'm tired and hurting both physically and mentally

first: I'm tired of people acting like death will be brought on by a lack of "positivity" and "a fighting spirit." it's bad science. I want to be happier for myself, not optimistic all the time because of a pseudoscientific idea that it will cure my terminal illness.

and this has just been on my mind, maybe it's just me noticing it but I feel like lately there's been a lot of this idea that there's "always a treatment option" and it's just not true for some of us, I wish people would respect that. to me, being positive is telling myself that my doctors are working daily on trying to keep me alive longer

some of us have had second opinions and some with third and fourth and fifth and the result will be the same... of course I get helping out new patients because healthcare is a stressful meess but some of us are stage or grade 4 or have rare cancers etc. and don't have a multitude of treatments available. I feel a bit crazy trying to explain some people really are terminal but... we are. I haven't given up, of course I hope there will be something that works for me. but I feel caught in this crazy place where I don't check for support specifically about my diagnosis because it is filled with caregivers lamenting about how horrifying it is to even watch; but fear talking about it myself because people will tell me that there's actually something that can be done, even if there isn't. 

when people live ten years with what I have, they get articles written about them in the local papers & on the MD Anderson website. I go to a good research hospital, and would've had the same treatment there; you cut it out and hope like hell it doesn't come back, hope when it does you can cut it out again. there are some options but the average survival is still honestly fucking terrible. I am not laying down and dying because a doctor told me to - I am trying to accept what's happening to me, and that has been a long and painful process. it's been hard to be a bit graceful about it and not want to try and scream about how unfair it is all the time but believe it or not, I've made a fair amount of progress from where I used to be... 

I just wish people would try to empathize with how much it takes to go through that mentally, on top of all the physical side effects, rather than discounting it with endless false hope which ends up feeling like an accusation, really.  

valium i took earlier is kicking in so idk what else, sorry/thanks if you read this lol
