Username: trivialoves
Date (UTC): 2022-07-14_21-11-28
Title: waiting rant...
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/vz6j4o/waiting_rant/
Content:
idk I just need to share this where a couple people will listen because damn I hate US healthcare and not having support IRL. whenever I mention cancer anywhere else it's silence

doctor today explains my bone is like, *almost* broken (due to steroids they gave me for my brain cancer, so yeah this is about cancer unfortunately). nothing to say it won't collapse soon, but for now it's not. doesn't really matter to me because it feels just the same as it did when it was entirely fractured. they can't give a shot to relieve pain because that will "collapse it and make it emergent." which I logically understand what he's saying but also *I can barely walk it is already kind of emergent to me hi!!!!* only solution is surgery. he suggests keeping activity low. I say I can barely get out of bed, I have no activity level, he's just like 🤷‍♂️

they scheduled surgery for dec and told me that everywhere in the area was booked too and that even the december 20th date would most likely get moved out to january or later. had to sit there sobbing in front of two med students while we scheduled that. spicing up their ortho rotations for sure. not that I wouldn't be upset about that too but they didn't even bother telling me to try OTC pain meds or something. asked if there's anything at all they can do for the pain and he was like nope. I just get to deal with it

LOVE TO need to have insurance pay well over 40k for a hip replacement ANDDDDD wait several months!! (last time insurance sent me a letter saying if I didn't prove the surgery wasn't due to a car accident etc then I'd owe like $48k immediately) thank god we dont have scary socialized medicine!!!

I know they can't control scheduling. but it's just infinitely upsetting to me that everyone is so eager to keep the fking tumor from killing me but if I rate my pain level at an 8 (and I have had a hip replacement & brain surgery, I know what pain is by now) they're like well idk sorry we can maybe help you next year, if you are miserable in the mean time we can't even give you a pill or something. Then he told me to have a nice summer lol. I can't help but feeling like it's worse because it's just me saying I'm hurting vs a bone sticking out you know? - I feel like I broke my arm and they're telling me well you can consider a cast but we can't do it until January and we can't give you pain meds. I'm terminal I just want to not be in pain lol. everyone including this doc today keeps telling me *omg you've been through so much :(* and it's like yeah can I at least have some pain relief then lol. my mom kept basically telling me to calm down about it and was joking with the doctor. like okay I get that we can't do the surgery right now because I must be actually cursed, but can I not be in pain? I'm so tired of being in pain every day I can barely even walk at all. it's like cancer won't stop ruining my life and everyone thinks I'm fine because the tumor isn't there but life feels worse than when I had the damn tumor because at least with that people kind of cared if I felt awful
