Username: trivialoves
Date (UTC): 2022-06-21_04-36-32
Title: feels like no one wants to acknowledge my diagnosis
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/vh4uxi/feels_like_no_one_wants_to_acknowledge_my/
Content:
feel like I'm saying it all the time here lol but I have a brain tumor, the thing is the prognosis is bad, and I just get flat shut down by people when I talk about it. I keep deleting a whole very long paragraph about the stats bc it's so hard to summarize but basically it's [not that common](https://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/dozens_of_us_arrested_development.gif) for it to not come back at all

the outlook is *generally* not good for me and this is not a case of stats being very outdated when standard of care for this has not changed in 20 years. it's still being debated if they should even bother giving people like me the standard of care chemo!! an even newer debate is if there was even a point of me taking the chemo during radiation. so yeah recurrence in 5 years or so (2 now?) doesn't directly mean death sentence, I have friends who have made it through one, but it's still really bad, not a lot of options beyond hoping it's not a lot worse and you can get it with surgery, and that's just ignoring treatment symptoms and focusing on actual time left

what's frustrating is most of the time I feel SO alone because it's like no one will acknowledge this even if I talk about it.. I don't want to be reminded daily that I'm kind-of-dying but I'm also frustrated at feeling... idk the word gaslighted comes to mind even though I don't want to misuse that, but close. like as in I know the facts yet people esp. my mother go so hard just telling me you're wrong you're wrong it's fine you're going to live forever those stats aren't real (??) and I'm a little like oh am I crazy??

like I think I'm terminal but honestly I also feel like I don't even know? terminal means likely to die right and I am I believe??? and everything says that but also people make me think I'm somehow wrong even when I know the info like I can't confidently make a statement as if I'm somehow misreading. it's crazy bc if a caregiver for this speaks in brain cancer groups then suddenly oh it's really scary and terrible and death comes on so fast and no one survives this and blah. but if I talk as a patient oh well you know be positive about it, it's all fine. :) even when I ask my onc any q along the lines of survival I feel like it annoys him that I'm being "negative". that's prob largely my own self consciousness but it just feels like no one wants to talk about how bad it is unless it's a caregiver oriented discussion in which case oh it's dark as hell.

like somehow I have a cancer where when opting for a hip replacement the doctor is like "oh.. um this is personal.. but is there like.. a prognosis" and nurses and PAs and whoever can't hide their shock or  sadness or w/e when I say it.. where any support group they have to explicitly be like pls stop posting pics of your relatives on their deathbed.. yet everything's definitelyyyyyy going to be fine!!!! 

idk this is so long though I tried to make it not.. if anyone reads and has any words I'd appreciate it I guess... like does anyone feel similar or get it?? I'm just tired of feeling crazy tbh. like honestly I know there are worse things but I feel like I don't even get the default omg cancer/terminal pity it's like oh I'm delusional for being sad?? which makes the sadness worse... not like I want to live every moment thinking about dying, that's part of why i take breaks from here etc. but idk. I do have a psychiatrist who's trying meds for me but I've been on a therapy waitlist for several months lolllll apparently being idk-am-i-terminal doesn't bump u forward or anything. I already have to deal with like getting my GED and maybe a job and away from my parents or something knowing it's probably not even going to last.. it'd just be nice to have like.. understanding kindness tbh.. instead of the positivity that makes me doubt my whole reality. yes ik I may live 20 years but for one thing I'm 23 and my parents are in their 60's, so 20 isn't making me feel super hype sorry. but even then 20 isn't likely at all and I just feel exhausted w/ people not or pretending they don't understand that
