Username: winifredstarlitelf
Date (UTC): 2023-12-26_03-53-19
Title: I Want to Punch HCBM
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/stepparents/comments/18qz0wc/i_want_to_punch_hcbm/
Content:
This woman acts like she's the greatest mother in the world, but neglects my SS (10m) and uses him as a built in babysitter for his 4 yr old half sister. She and DH (31m) have joint 50/50 custody. We will send him to her house, clean and fed and healthy and this kid comes home early at least every other visit sick as a dog, having not showered for days, complaining that he's hungry. 

She tells him all the time he's fat (he is the perfect weight for his age and height) and he needs to cut back on food. She puts him in sports, which she doesn't attend practice or games and just expects us to take him. He has started refusing meals because "I need to cut back on some things" he says while patting his stomach. 

She tells SS all the time that he can't call me any name resembling some form of mother, I'm just "daddy's friend". DH and I have been together 5 years, married 2. He corrects everyone when they refer to me as anything other than my name. "She's not my mom, she is my step mom. She doesn't count."

To say this woman uses her son as a meal ticket or a way to get sympathy is an understatement. She tells anyone who will listen that she's a single mother raising her children FULL TIME with a deadbeat ex who doesn't help her in any way with him. Complete lies. She told this to his old coach and played up SS ASD diagnosis, telling people he was low functioning and had severe breakdowns (again, utter bullshit.) We found out from his coach what was said and we had to set the record straight. 

I am so over this HCBM and her garbage. I can't wait until he is older and we don't have to deal with her anymore. I am NC with her because she's abusive. If DH and I had the money we would take her back to court. As it is we have a year's worth of infractions against her documented, including times he's come home with bruises and the countless times she has sent him home to us early because he got sick at her house and she didn't want to take care of him. 

Yeah. I want to throw hands. I just needed to get that out.
