Username: winifredstarlitelf
Date (UTC): 2023-12-14_05-56-26
Title: My Doctors Office Needs to Do Better...
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/HeadandNeckCancer/comments/18i1vel/my_doctors_office_needs_to_do_better/
Content:
I had OSCC of the tongue. I had a hemiglossectomy, a free flap, a partial neck dissection. I was diagnosed stage 3 since they found evidence of cancer in 2 out of 68 lymph nodes. 6 doses of Chemo and 33 doses of radiation later and I finished in August. I was set to go back to work Nov 15th. 

I was fired Nov. 8th. My FMLA had run out and they were getting rid of my position at work. I was devastated, but hey, I'm alive. I survived cancer, I can get another job.

I was scheduled for a PT scan to check my progress and make sure I was NED, but about two weeks before I was violently ill and ended up going to the hospital for severe dehydration. I was terrified it was linked to my treatment or that something was wrong. They did a CT scan, checked me over, ran tests. It wasn't at all what I was expecting.

 Nope, it turns out I was 5 weeks pregnant and experiencing severe morning sickness. 

We went to the OB and she said I can't have a PT scan because it isn't safe for the baby. She suggested an MRI. I called my surgical oncologists office and let them know what was going on and they never got back to me regarding an MRI. I told them I could bring in my CT scan results and Ive heard nothing. 

It's an hour and a half drive to their office from where I live. I let them know I couldn't afford the office copay due to the loss of my job and that I don't have the gas to drive there and back and begged them to get back to me. I was contacted by a social service worker who told me to fill out a form and they MIGHT be able to wave the fee at the doctors office. I finally got the form in the mail two days ago. 

I don't know if I'm NED. I don't know if I still have to worry about my cancer. I don't know if the chemo and radiation worked. I'm in limbo, jobless, pregnant, and scared. I haven't heard from my doctors office since they said they were going to mail me that form. 

I don't know what to do. After all of the bullshit I've been through this year, I don't need this on top of it. I just want to make sure I and my baby will be okay. Sorry for the long post but I don't have any one else to talk to about all of this. I knew this community would at least listen.
