Username: winifredstarlitelf
Date (UTC): 2024-06-02_18-27-55
Title: MIL feels "Used" 
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/motherinlawsfromhell/comments/1d6jswl/mil_feels_used/
Content:
I'm currently 33 weeks pregnant with my (30f) and my husband's (33m) first child. He has a son from a previous marriage, who I love and adore and have an amazing relationship with.

 We suffered two miscarriages back to back and then I had cancer last year, where the doctors said I wouldn't be able to have kids. Three months after I finished treatment we found out I was pregnant and that, not only is the baby strong and healthy, we are having a boy. We are over joked, but I have has some serious medical issues during this pregnancy, mainly HG and the inability to keep food and water down so I'm dehydrated and malnourished. 

My FIL calls to check in on me and offers his assistance with whatever we need. The man is fabulous. My MIL hasn't said a word to me since she announced she was going to throw me a baby shower. She'll call my husband and talk to him or text him, but she tells people that I'm being overdramatic and that I just want to get out of events by using my pregnancy as an excuse. 

I live thousands of miles away from my friends and family. I have my mom an hour and a half away, but that's the only family I have in state, so I post on FB to keep my family informed of everything going on with me and baby medically. 

My MIL called my husband the other day to say I'm alienating her and pushing her out of our lives and she feels like I'm "using her" for a baby shower. Excuse me? She didn't ask us when we would be available for a baby shower, didn't ask who all we wanted there so she invited all of HER friends and family, most of whom I don't even know, and will not listen to my husband when he tells her that I can't eat x, y, and z, so please include some safe foods for me at the shower. She is literally throwing a shower for "her new baby" and she announced the baby's name on the invites without asking us if we were okay with that. The only reason she knew the baby's name was because SS told her. She didn't even get his name right on the invites. 

I was put on mandatory bed rest this week because of how depleted I am from my HG and growing a whole ass human, and my doctor wants me to eliminate stress. She has managed to stress me out the most by accusing me of pushing her out of this whole experience and robbing her of the joy of my pregnancy. 

Ma'am, I have been miserable this entire pregnancy. I have the immune system of a goldfish and the energy and strength to match. I am lucky if I can eat A meal in a day and keep it down and am on twice a week IV treatment to help me survive. 

We told her no one is allowed to come to the hospital when I give birth and she absolutely lost it on my husband, telling him that I'm selfish and I just want to push his family out of the picture. Um...no? Considering I have literally only my mom and she's not even allowed to come to the hospital? I want my privacy. I want to be able to bond a little as a family before people come to meet him. I think as his mother I deserve that. 

I'm not looking for advise because my husband and I have both set our boundaries and are sticking to them and my MIL is on LC with me anyway. I just needed to vent about this woman and her narcissism and absolutely ridiculous and unfounded claims. She's in for a RUDE awakening when the baby gets here. 

My husband and I WILL throw her ass out if she tries to push our boundaries and disrespect our wishes. I am NOT the one to mess with about this. My FIL tries to play Devils advocate but he knows where I stand and how I feel about all of this. He is also aware of how frustrated my husband is with his mother. I offered to talk to them about it and my husband said no, this is his mother and he would handle it. He went to bat for me last year when I was fighting cancer and she tried to start drama and he said he would go to mat for me and this baby again. 

Again, just venting. I don't need or want advice. I've been dealing with her BS for 5 years now. We got this. She's just so exhausting and I knew yall would get it. 
