Username: winifredstarlitelf
Date (UTC): 2024-03-22_13-06-35
Title: UPDATE: It's HER Baby Shower
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Mildlynomil/comments/1bkysf4/update_its_her_baby_shower/
Content:
So....DH and I talked about it and decided she can throw her baby shower. He will be attending and I will be sick the day of. Most of those invited are his relatives/family friends/ people HE actually knows. I told him it would be HIS baby shower. He is also bringing home every single gift because, as he stated, "She's not keeping our baby at her house without us for at least six months. If she wants things for her house, she can buy them. You made this registry with OUR home in mind, so that's where all of going." I love him. 

I called my mother. She will be planning MY baby shower. Small, intimate, themed the way I want. I have let 6 of the 15 people on the guest list I handed over to MIL know because the rest of that guest list were people in DH family that will be attending MIL's shower. Those 6 people are psyched. My mom ASKED if she could invite certain people, all of which are people I know, and I said absolutely. Thanks, mom. 

We broke the news to MIL and FIL that no one was going to be allowed to come to the hospital when I give birth. MIL pitched a fit, predictably, and I looked her dead in the eye and said "Keep it up and you will be the LAST person to meet LO, if that. This stops now. You may be able to get what you want with my SS because DH was young and HCBM is a garbage mother who handed SS off to you the moment he was born, but this is MY baby. I make the decisions about my L&D, not you, not DH, no one but me. You, just like everyone else, can wait because you are not my priority. My baby and my mental health is." 

FIL accepted without blinking. He said its my choice and my comfort and health that matter over other people getting to meet MY new baby. He emphasized "YOUR BABY" and shot MIL a look. I think he suspects something is going to go on with the baby shower. But he's keeping it to himself. 

MIL has a deep bond with SS. She was his main maternal figure for 7 years. Then I came along. I wouldn't dream of trying to break the bond they have and I have my own. Healthy and happy relationship with SS. DH was very young and working two jobs to support his ex and the baby so when his ex dipped and while MIL watched the baby, he continued to work and provide for his child. SS is autistic, has separation anxiety, and adores MIL. Cool cool. I let her know that will not be the case with my LO. 

Needless to say, we've come to a fantastic resolution (for us anyway) and MIL can do what she wants. Throw the baby shower. She said it wasn't about me. Absolutely right, it's not. I won't be attending. My DH will, though. Gotta keep the peace somehow. Things are going to get really ugly when MIL discovers she isn't planning bday parties for my baby. 

I've decided that, no. I don't care. I don't care how upset she gets, how she thinks of or sees me, or how big of a fuss she causes. I have fought too damn hard the last few years, with NO support from her, to get where I am and I am FINALLY getting to have MY baby. My one and done little miracle who, according to medical professionals, is absolutely a miracle because he shouldn't exist. 

My MIL can do whatever she wants. But I certainly won't be involved. DH knows this. He supports me. And I told him flat out he is more than welcome to do whatever he feels is best for him and his relationship with his mother. That's his monkey, his circus. I'm doing what's best for me and my child. I'm done being the people pleaser. 

My Mama Lion instincts have kicked in. Protect myself, protect my baby. 

In a lighter tone, he said he has really rich relatives and is "SUPER EXCITED to see what they get the baby." He loves opening presents. He's happy to be the center of attention in this case. He told me if I wanted to I could come and just eat and sit somewhere while we threw him a party. He was absolutely joking, BTW. He's an amazing husband and supportive partner. He deserves a medal for growing up and not being even a bit like his mom. He is so much more like his dad and I love my FIL. 
