Username: winifredstarlitelf
Date (UTC): 2024-06-19_04-55-28
Title: Want to Throw Hands at HCBM
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/stepparents/comments/1djazgv/want_to_throw_hands_at_hcbm/
Content:
I'm (33f) 35w pregnant with DH (32M) and my first child. We share custody of SS10 with my DH's ex. The custody arrangement over the summer is EO week we have him and trade him off on Friday evenings. My SS is over the moon to be having a baby brother. He has a half sister on HCBM side. HCBM has given up several days of her visitation time for various reasons and we are more than happy to have that extra time with SS.


However, HCBM figured out that we would have SS during my induction date and has now DEMANDED that she have SS that week to "make up her time." DH said no. He is not required to give her "make up time" per their CO and SS is excited and ready for his baby brother to be here already. Our families (MIL, FIL, my parents, his grandparents, my grandmother, and SS) are going to spend time together at my parents house while I'm in labor as my parents live literally 5 mins from the hospital, and once baby is born and we have some bonding time they will come down with SS so he can be the first one aside from us to hold the baby. 

She is having herself a TIME. She told my SS that our baby isn't his "real brother" and had a melt down because she "hasn't spent enough time with SS this summer". Yeah, lady, that was YOUR choice. She gives up as much time as she can because she doesn't want to be around her kids, but she also doesn't want SS to bond with me in any way because I'm "never going to be his mom." 

She pitched a fit and told us she's entitled to that time with him and DH reminded her that she is entitled to HER time with him and if she gives up that time it isn't his responsibility to ensure that she got it back by giving up our time with him. Our time with him is our time and what we do with him during our time is our business as long as we follow the CO. She did not like that response and has been telling SS that we won't love him once the baby gets here. 

Yeah...found that out when he was dropped off with FIL today SOBBING because he was scared that DH was going to "replace him with a new son and that SM wouldn't want him anymore now that she has her own baby". WTF. 

I can't throw hands at this woman. I went to in laws house and smothered SS with love and care and promised him that he was just as loved as the new baby would be because they're both my boys and we would never want to replace him. There's only one of him in the world and he was going to be loved not only by us but by his brother too. He calmed down and felt better, but DH is livid and I am ready to fight this c@#t for hurting our boy. 

I've been documenting all of this for years, with photos, screen shots, affidavits from witnesses that are signed and notarized. Trust me, when we take her back to court to sue for full custody (in the next year or so) we will be ready. I'm over her BS. She's abusive, cruel, and takes it out on her kids when she gets angry at their fathers. 

Had to vent about it so I don't end up needing bond money for making a choice that would probably land me in hot water with the law. 
