Username: BitsiBones
Date (UTC): 2024-07-09_13-24-37
Title: UPDATE
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/1dz2c1j/update/
Content:
Just wanted to post an update as I couldn't find a way of updating my original post, thank you so much for all your care and responses, I owe you all an update at the very least ❤

Update: I called an ambulance in the end and was given enough meds to tranquilize a horse and taken to hospital. I've been on a lot of morphine since then, I'm still in hospital on a 24hr morphine driver. Plus some steroids etc. The pain had spread down to my left hip and now my left leg is gradually developing pins and needles and going numb. I think in a few days I will have lost sensation to my left leg and foot completely :( and of course with my spinal pain not being improved I can't ditch the morphine driver and go home. There's no going home on the cards at all rn, I've been moved to a room that's not on a specific ward so my care can be handled 'on a palliative basis'. I wish, wish, wish I hadn't had that radiotherapy, I would do anything to go back and change that, I wish I had had more information and more time, although even then I would probably have trusted in my oncologist and gone for it anyway tbf. 

Their explanation at this point is that it's probably a pain-flare reaction. I don't know if/how that explains the nerve damage to my left hip/leg. Or if pain flares are usually that bad, or go on for so long. But here I am, I will openly admit I've just been saying the cheeriest 'goodnights' I could type to my various family members on Skype, as I do every night, and I'm crying. I really wish I could just pick up my morphine driver and go home ❤

Update 2: still in hospital, back on oral Zomorph plus Pregabalin and dexamethasone, pain is roughly back to normal (meh) unless I move around a lot; as soon as I have some reassurance from my consultant that this pain-flare thing has passed, and I'm not likely to have another sudden major pain event, I'm going to go home, that could have been tomorrow (Wednesday) if my consultant had been round today but she hasn't, so I doubt it will be until Thursday now 🙄

Thanks for all your input and love, I really appreciate it at tough confusing times when I'm lost and don't understand what's happening ❤❤❤
