Username: cookingandtrashtv
Date (UTC): 2024-12-02_14-28-44
Title: Update I 38f asked my boyfriend to 39m get a colonoscopy and they found stage 4 metastatic cancer. He proposed and I said yes but I’m scared. He has constant abdominal pain for about a week and started chemo last week. Does anyone have this type of pain and reason?
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/coloncancer/comments/1h4w6h5/update_i_38f_asked_my_boyfriend_to_39m_get_a/
Content:
I love him and I am going to be with him, I can’t live without him and I’m terrified. He asked me to marry him over Thanksgiving weekend and I said yes. He had his first chemo treatment and he’s starting his second this Wednesday for the last week. He’s had abdominal pain after he eats and we’ve tried everything including Gas-X, small meals, no fiber, and the pain can be gone from dull to pretty severe to where he basically could halfway function most of the Thanksgiving break and we have four kids under five. I’m really scared of what might be going on. Has anybody gone through anything like this and where the pain might be coming from? He stage four with liver metastasis and about a 4 cm tumor in his descending colon. I think I’ve cried harder yesterday than I’ve ever crying in my whole entire life and I’m pretty sure I’m losing it. I’m scared that the tumor is blocking his colon more so maybe it’s growing. I’m scared that the chemo is not responding. I’m scared that his motility is affected. Has anybody had this happen to where they had this low dull, alternating sharp abdominal pain in the left lower quadrant and what was it? Tia 
PS I’ve tried to Colon town for caregivers and for some reason haven’t heard from anyone and I feel like I’m living in a constant state of absolute panic. I just want him to live with me and our life like we planned but we’ll get married in March because I want to be with him as his wife as long as I can and we can. I’m terrified his stomach issues means treatment isn’t working or tumor is getting bigger 
