Username: Hefty-Supermarket-79
Date (UTC): 2024-11-11_06-33-34
Title: Should I stop MCAS protocol before endoscopy and coloniscopy?
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/MCAS/comments/1golzqd/should_i_stop_mcas_protocol_before_endoscopy_and/
Content:
Info: I've been diagnosed with MCAS by multiple drs (including, ND, DOs, MDs, PAs, and in there are EDS specialists, rheumatologists, cardiologists...). But, purely based on symptoms and basic labs, no MCAS specific labs; in large part because they've all agreed that unless you're in a flare, labs do not properly pickup the MCAS (maybe not the right explanation).

So, I see an EDS specialist who knows and treats the common gaggle of issues that us zebras often end up with (MCAS, SIBO, IC, lupus, rheumatoid arthritis, gastroparesis...). 

She's got me on a wonderful 'cocktail ' that keeps me functioning moderately normally with regard to eating and bigger gut issues. Cromolyn sodium, ketotifen, Claritin, Famotidine. Those are the specific ones for MCAS and related symptoms. 

I'm finally going for an endoscopy this week, and coloniscopy next week (the gastro doesn't want to do it all at once, he said it would be way too hard on me, I agree). He's checking for many things, including mast cells.

I don't want to end up being told that nothing is seen, and it is because the meds are doing a decent job (not perfect, but pretty decent). I'm wondering if anyone else has stopped histamine reducing protocols before these procedures? If so, how many days in advance?

What about eating foods that kick up the MCAS or other gut issues? I have to completely avoid garlic (curses, foiled again!!), and can only tolerate apples and oats every so often, in small amounts. I've thought of eating some the day before, so my gut 'shows off' for the dr, lol.

Nothing causes anaphylaxis (peanuts do, but no way in hell I would go there). Just pain, gas, bloating...

I know this may seem like a crazy idea, but I have spent my life with all of the symptoms of so many things, blatantly obvious, yet so many drs saying things aren't bad enough, or based on old lab values that I'm fine, or for example:
I have both lupus and rheumatoid arthritis. I waited 5 months to see a new rheum. For 6 weeks leading up to the appointment, I was in so much pain, extreme fatigue, big malar rashes, bad gut flares, all of it. The day before my appt, it all calmed down. So, I go to the dr, tell her this, but she says I'm fine and don't need help. Why? Because I appeared fine. I wasnt fine!!!

Anyway...curious on experiences. 
