Username: ismellpanties93
Date (UTC): 2024-11-01_12-36-24
Title: Stage IV cancer - looking for advice 
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/1gh4bxi/stage_iv_cancer_looking_for_advice/
Content:
Hi. 

I have stage IV cancer and not long to live. My cancer spreads at a criminally slow pace. Which means, I’m looking at a very slow and painful end of life stage. 

I have been living with the diagnosis for almost 5 years. I’ve been doing well pretty much up until this autumn. I’m in pain all the time and on strong painkillers, buprenorphine patches, oxy and morphine (pills). 

In my country, we don’t have legal euthanasia or MAID or anything like that. But I know I can’t stand my husband and family seeing me fade, being in pain all the time and reduced to a shell of myself. I already am a shell of myself - I hardly ever see my friends, I can’t really walk further than a couple of hundred meters, I don’t have an appetite, nothing is as it used to be. 

I’m a 168cm tall woman, weighing app 80kg (cancer made me put on a lot of weight, it’s just taken everything from me). How much uh stuff would I need to…cross the bridge? What’s the most comfortable way to go about it, painkillers, benzodiazepines, anti depressants? 

My cancer is in my brain, bones, liver and lungs. It’s agony. Check your breasts, guys and gals. I wouldn’t wish this on my worst enemy. 

Sorry if this is not part of the guidelines. I get that. But it’s not like googling this will give me any sound advice. And I can’t exactly ask my doctor/ oncologist. 

Thanks a lot. 



UPDATE

Thank you all for the kind messages and comments. The post is locked now (understandably) so I can’t reply to your comments. I’m overwhelmed with your kind words and for that I want to say thank you. 

To those suggesting going to Switzerland/ other countries, it’s an option I’ve looked into. It’s quite expensive and not really something I can afford being on disability. In Belgium and the Netherlands you have to be a registered citizen and it’s quite strict. So sadly, it’s not an option for me. 

I have a palliative care team and they’re very lovely, but it’s and extent to how comfortable I can be living like this. I’ve simply had enough. I’ve had this disease for years. 

I hope MAID/ euthanasia will be available worldwide in the distant future. There’s ongoing political discussions now in my country (Norway), so hopefully we’re looking at that possibility- it will happen after I’m gone, though. 

For anyone worried, I will not go out and buy street drugs or do anything stupid like that. I will also not attempt anything without being absolutely sure it works. I’m not worried about “being rescued” as I’m terminal, they will not resuscitate me. I may have brain mets, but I’m not dumb! 




UPDATE 2

Yes I am well versed in the drug universe. I have tripped my fair share in this life. Psilocybin is our friend. 
