Username: jdizzle161
Date (UTC): 2022-08-13_00-34-37
Title: What a great day, and now I’m scared shitless!
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/wn0nne/what_a_great_day_and_now_im_scared_shitless/
Content:
Went in for my chemo infusion today, but had to meet with the nurse practitioner first.    I figured it was because I have my MRI scheduled for Monday.  My Tumor Markers (i forget the actual name of the panel) came back two weeks ago at 2,000, down from 6K when I started treatment in May.  Also figured it was an update on my Oncologist’s ongoing fight with my insurance over them covering a new PET scan.  While it was partially this, it was also an update on those tumor markers.  They dropped all the way to 200.  TWO FRICKEN HUNDRED!!!!!!!

I nearly kept out of the chair.  The nurse pulled up the graph and told me, “We like when this particular graph trends downhill, but yours just jumped off a cliff, and we are ecstatic!”

I was beside myself.  Texted my wife, my parents, hell, half of the contacts in my phone.  

But then it dawned on me.  What comes next is a major surgery.  Liver resection (I have bile duct cancer). Hopefully this thing shrunk down and is located in one side or the other when it comes to my liver, and not in the middle.  Either way, big time surgery coming up.  I have never had surgery, never even had a single stitch put in my body.  Not even a wisdom tooth removed.  Obviously, when they tell me it’s go time, I’ll be there, and ready to go.  Still freaking out a bit though.  On the other side of things, I want this fucker out of me.  I love my liver.  It has served me well throughout my years.  I love drinking, and am a fun person to drink with.  I also can count the number of hangovers I have had in my life (about to turn 40) on one hand.  This thing fucked up when it decided to attack that particular organ. It never stood a chance!

Sorry, had to let it all out, and there are some amazing listeners on this sub!  You all are great, and interacting with you all, and reading your stories have been a huge help through all this.
