Username: Mattastic1991
Date (UTC): 2025-01-19_21-40-43
Title: Terminal Survivor Venting 
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/1i59wfq/terminal_survivor_venting/
Content:
Greetings, Hello, Good Morning, Good Afternoon and Hey! Matt here! Stage 4 Pancreatic and Liver patient here wanting to well...well I just wanna vent about things that I have been bothering me for a bit and well..yeah, here we go. I'm sorry if it's a long read. 


I've been in alot of pain the last few years and it's only gotten worse. My lower back has been hurting for an extremely long time. Oncologist sent me to a pain Dr and had an MRI done in March of 2024, and it was discovered that I have arthritis in my spine and what appears to be a left over *DEAD* tumor fat tissue or whatever that's pushing on my nerves in my lower back. I can barely walk around my own house and even with my daily pain medication "Percocet" and muscle relaxers "flexerill" it's a chore and...unfortunately I've gained alot of weight.  I'm almost 400 pounds and it's my fault. I clung to food because it helped me feel good while grieving and just dealing with anxiety.  I remember back when I had started chemo in 2022, my mom told me "look, I understand you gotta eat and that's ok!! But I don't want you to gain all that weight back and be depressed Matt I don't wanna see you upset again" and well...I didn't listen...and I wish I did. Mom was right. 

This coming Wednesday i will be seeing a weight loss doctor who came referred from my Oncologist.  I am scared...because I am scared I will have to do things I'm uncomfortable doing or having to continue giving up things I love eating and I know it sounds dumb but....its the truth about me :( 😞  

I do need to add that I am a type 1 diabetic due to the cancer and have already been told that I cannot use Ozempic or anything of the sort but....since there is no active cancer...they might wanna try it. Just to see. I'm just so miserable from feeling so weak. I feel like I'm just a burden to my family and that it's just my fault because I couldn't stop eating. 


And that's...another thing....I've been afraid of those around me. I'm scared of the day I lose my parents or sisters....my mom is a cancer survivor,  breast cancer and chronic leukemia she's 70 now and still doing so much. My dad is a type 2 diabetic and also has kidney issues along with..well his Alzheimers but so far he's still doing great and he is also 70. My sister, the one who lives with me and has taken care of me, she's 38 with no cancer...but was found to carry the same BRCA gene mutation as me, my mom, and the rest of my moms side of the family so she has to have surgery as preventative measures which I'm glad my sister won't have to go thru chemo like I did...but I'm still scared that like with what happened to me it'll just...happen....

I'm just scared of losing them because everything just feels like it's moving so fast and I'm scared of living in a world without them. I know I have to one day, but dear god it's everyday for the last 3 years I've just been stuck thinking about it. I know when I opened up to my mom about it, she told me that "when you are faced with your own mortality that you worry about those around you" I even told her I know im not strong or smart enough to live without her to which she laughed and said "yes you are because me and your father raised you to be" 


I'm sorry for this being so long. I just have so much to say and I felt coming here and just screaming into the void would help. It's been almost 3 years since my life changed. February 25th 2022 was when I got admitted to the hospital for 5 days from chest pain and blood sugar stuck in the 500s, then March 7th 2022 I was officially diagnosed with stage IV Pancreatic and Liver Cancer and did 12 rounds of hell with chemo thru the chemo cocktails. September will mark 3 years since making it into remission but unfortunately I'll be stage 4 for the rest of my life since well, it's stage 4. I've done my best to help people who are scared, confused, alone, or are just needing a friend. But even I get overwhelmed with how scared I am with everything and..I'm sorry..I'm rambling. 

Thank you for reading this and letting me vent. I appreciate it. 
