Username: Mattastic1991
Date (UTC): 2025-01-02_03-22-54
Title: Huge fan!! Wanna share my experience!
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/stalker/comments/1hrkek5/huge_fan_wanna_share_my_experience/
Content:
Hello! 

I have been a huge fan S.T.A.L.K.E.R since I found out about the series a few years ago from YouTube channels such as Warlockracy, GmanLives, and Salt Factory and of course thanks to the mini series Chernobyl and I actually did work in a nuclear pharmacy as a courier and dispatcher, disposal, and quality control! To say games like this and fallout facinate me is well, an understatement lol. 

Anyway, I started playing SOC bout a year or 2 ago on PC and..well I gave up and got frustrated.  I did keep giving it more tries but I unfortunately suck at the games unless I turned the difficulty down or watched more gameplay videos. Then when the Legends Of The Zone released, I immediately got it for my XSX and it was much more of an enjoyable experience even though I haven't finished it or anything but the game is so much fun! And not to mention the lore! I absolutely love the ingame universe! 

Then S.T.A.L.K.E.R 2 comes out and I again get it in XSX and...well I tried playing on Veteran and well i wasnt having fun.I ended up having to turn the difficulty down to Recruit because I was constantly struggling and dying even with all the patches we have now and I kept blowing thru ammo and medkits. I do unfortunately have the bad habit of wanting to just go in guns blazing which I understand is usually a bad idea. 

But Anyway, I've been enjoying the game way more on the Recruit difficulty and even have been getting thru the story which I absolutely love it! But...am I really enjoying it or am I just a poser since I'm only playing on easy? I know it sounds silly, but I am still kinda new to all this. 

Lastly, I wanna share something very important to me about the series. You see, I'm...a cancer patient. Terminal to be specific.  Stage 4 pancreatic and liver. Diagnosed in February of 2022. And Firelakes, Dirge For The Planet, played when I was first admitted to the hospital and was the song that I cried almost every tear out of my body because of the pain I was in. BTW it was the cover done by Alina Gingertail which her voice just *chefs kiss* but yeah that song holds a special place as a reminder of the pain and hell I went thru with being diagnosed, going thru 12 rounds of hell with chemo, and eventually making it into remission! But unfortunately not cured because well, it's impossible and I'll be stage 4 til the day I do go. 


Well, that's it. I wanted to share my experience with the series and give my love and appreciation for GSC and all their hardwork. 
