Username: Particular-Lynx-2586
Date (UTC): 2024-10-24_17-20-26
Title: Update: husband doesn't realize he's well-endowed. But oral is more comfortable now (thank you all).
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/bigdickproblems/comments/1gb817t/update_husband_doesnt_realize_hes_wellendowed_but/
Content:
For context, my first post from 3 days ago:

https://www.reddit.com/r/bigdickproblems/s/5d5Lc0LuMA

Basically, I have cancer (I'm fine) so we can't have sex due to my treatment. He'd been asking for more oral as a result, and I'm happy to do everything I can to please him, but oral is uncomfortable because he's quite large.

In between that and just now, we had a huge fight (which was my fault) but it ended up okay. I did have to make it up to him.

I followed a lot of the advice some of the kind folks here gave me. Before, I would gag and struggle to even get past the head, and you all made me realize I was simply doing it wrong. I thought that it was necessary to actually suck the thing.

Instead, I focused on licking and kissing and using my hands a lot more. Someone suggested coconut oil as a lubricant and it worked wonders! I didn't mind the taste, so I could lick freely without gagging, and focused on tickling and rubbing him with my hands. Many told me to keep eye contact and talk dirty but those are still too awkward for me, I'll have to work on it. Someone also suggested focusing licking his testicles then using my hands at the same time and I think that became his favorite part of the whole thing.

Anyway, it was a great experience for both of us. He told me it was better than actual sex! And I felt so empowered that, despite my condition, I could really please his desires this time without any discomfort. I know it's not my fault in the first place but I've always had a compulsion to try and do what I can to make the best of the situation. Our previous attempts were okay but they did feel sort of half-assed from my point of view (he never complained but I could feel it).

This is really important to me because my treatment is basically for the rest of my life. So finding this long term solution, I think, will improve our relationship over time. I've already ordered some of the sleeves and toys others suggested and I'm sure they'll spice things up even more for him.

I just want to thank everyone for their suggestions and not laughing at my ineptitude. I was sort of afraid to post about it coz I'm inexperienced and my question sounded stupid in my head. Thank you again.

Edit: if you have other suggestions or whatever, just dm. I appreciate every tidbit of information.
