Username: radE8r
Date (UTC): 2021-08-07_03-25-55
Title: Is the drug company trying to kill me?
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/ozlqm9/is_the_drug_company_trying_to_kill_me/
Content:
 Hey all. I’m in a bit of a bind in terms of access to the only drug that would ever help my cancer. Some background: I have an extremely rare and aggressive cancer (possibly one of the most quickly-growing and treatment-resistant solid tumors known to science). 

I’ve been on a clinical trial for a little over two years which — thanks to the trial — is abput 18 months longer than I was told to expect to live. One side-effect of my drug is that the enzyme which indicates heart muscle damage in healthy people (troponin) appears to be falsely elevated. Or rather, it is elevated without any evidence that there is actual damage to my heart: it looks perfectly healthy on all the echocardiograms, EKGs, x-rays, you name it. 

Because of this elevated chemical, the drug company is preventing me from taking the drug, and they refuse to give me permission to start again until the troponin level goes down. All fine and good, except that my levels have been elevated for a week now, and we don’t know if it’s going to go down again. 

My doctor disagrees with the company’s decision on this. She feels that my cancer is a *significantly* greater risk to my health than a little heart damage, and I agree with her 110%. I would rather live for longer with an imperfect heart than die in a few months with an intact heart. It’s about how you set your goals. 

I’m scared that by the time my levels dip down to ‘normal’, my cancer will have started growing again. It’s been stopped in its tracks for most of the time I’ve been on the trial, but when it takes off again, oh boy. (When the tumor was on my jaw, it doubled in size every *week*.) So it’s a matter of getting the company to understand that my heart is less important here than my cancer, and making them understand that prolonging my life is the goal we should be shooting for. 

Has anybody had a situation like this? Is there… anything I can do to help my situation? Or do I have to wait for some pencil-pushers across the ocean to decide whether I die next month or next year?

Edit: Thanks everyone for your concern and advice! It turns out my doctor was secretly working on Compassionate Use paperwork, but was kind enough not to get my hopes up while it was still in limbo. If all goes according to plan, I’ll be using the drug on a compassionate basis in about a month!
