Username: SlowSurfer44
Date (UTC): 2023-11-13_07-06-10
Title: Stage 4 with mets in lungs and liver.
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/coloncancer/comments/17u56jn/stage_4_with_mets_in_lungs_and_liver/
Content:
So my oncologist doesn't want to do surgery but I spoke to a thoracic surgeon named Dr.Todd Demmy  to see if he will do my surgery and from are initial call ir seems he wants me up there for a visit.  Then I need a liver surgeon I'm thinking Dr Wong. I'm truly scared if I'm being honest I don't want to die. I have my first child 2 yrs old, a baby boy like I always imagined and wanted now the thing hat I wanted for so long likely to be very shortened. I'm trying my best to find a way to get ned as I heard alot of people with my diagnosis beat cancer after being told (inoperable, 2 weeks to live , maintaience therapy) yet they decided to get aggressive and find surgeons who will operate etc. I'm going to do all that and I feel like I can beat this. But I think realization is setting in that I will likely not win or the odds are not in NY favor. 
I had 1 rd of capox (very effective) now I'm doing avastin and capecitabine. My  oncologist said no surgery because since it'd in the liver and lungs but I've seen many people here get several resection so I decides to go to Rosewell with Dr. Todd. I going to do the surgery regardless of what my primary oncologist says. His goal is just maintaience I am  5 months diagnosed and the idea of not being here with my wife who I had been with since I was 20 and she was 19. My son my dear boy I want to see him grow. I'm trying to stay faithful that I'm going to beat this but it's hard. Please anyone who has had my diagnosis mets (lungs and liver) I need you to give me strength to fight this please.  I need to hear this isn't a waste of time and that fighting can actually change the precieved  outcome. My goal plan is cure I don't care that I'm stage 4 I'm going to try and find surgeons willing to try (though who are known to be good and aggressive. Please I need postivrw stories from people with my diagnosis. Pray for me
