Username: trivialoves
Date (UTC): 2022-01-20_03-11-20
Title: Support
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/braincancer/comments/s88kpn/support/
Content:
I posted on the gen cancer board but forgot that every time I rant there the same person blames me for everything... I honestly do just want someone to be like wow that sucks I'm sorry for you instead of telling me everything is my fault. idk who will read this and im probably going to cringe later but im upset lol

I've been struggling so much trying to get psych care, I got diagnosed with GBM in 2019, yes it's the "good" kind and I'm not dead yet but it feels like my own body is trying to kill me because it is and I feel trapped and really broken by all the treatment and just Tired. a nurse (who I'm friendly with, she isn't in oncology but I see her for something else) asked if I would do optune or similar when I have recurrence and I was just like. I am so goddamn miserable as it is I cannot imagine even doing the treatment I did before again, let alone that. I'm not really worried about recurrence as a general thing but if I had one tomorrow I think I might be brave enough to be like fuck no you're not dragging me through this again.

It's been ridiculously hard to find a doctor, I had one at the cancer center who barely did anything for me anyway tbh but at least we tried some new meds. then he randomly sent a letter saying he left anyway.. and then the new one isn't covered under my insurance, naturally.. I understand my cancer center not being able to help in a different state but a "palliative expert" neuro oncologist being like "haha well good luck with that" about finding psych help makes me cry to think about like. it's really a joke to everyone. maybe because I've been sad for so long they just don't think it's a major issue? but like. I just feel worse and worse and no one gives a fuck unless they can operate on me

everyone says to ask for help even me, I tell people that and then I can't even get myself a single psychiatrist appointment after six months. I was so proud of myself for finally telling my cancer center how bad I felt and I felt totally dismissed, today I was so relieved we finally seemed to get through to the right place and it turned out the doctor referred me for some speech therapy type exam not counseling/psychiatry.. and they're like again it's a really long wait... at what point do I not have to wait like I literally do not want to be alive and have access to medicine fairly regularly. and I HAVE been waiting for six months.

im sick of the distress forms and the pain scales and making it clear that i dont like being alive and i wish i wasnt and then when you ask for help theyre like well its apparently such a long wait that we cant even give you a date. i wonder who actually gets in or maybe terminal just puts me at the back of the line bc they figure ill die anyway. i literally WANT to live my life and do better and go to school or something but i cant do that when im so depressed and anxious and tired and unfocused. im just trying not to kms in the meantime while someone decides its my turn

im just so tired sorry, I wish people just sympathized instead of telling me that it's my fault and that I have to suck it up because everyone else is dealing with the same thing... i think no not everyone is dealing with the same thing, i feel so isolated and like alienated and even if im not the only one which i know im not it doesnt mean it doesnt suck to be like begging for help and everyone is just living their life, it feels so awkward even saying i have cancer like as if ive done something wrong.

idk if im supposed to call the place now and rant that i need help Now or if they wont even listen to that. if I call about my shoulder replacement I can have an appointment in 3 days, but you hate your life and can't even get an appointment in like a year apparently? i dont know what the hell to do to make doctors listen that i CANT wait anymore. 
