Username: trivialoves
Date (UTC): 2021-08-14_09-58-12
Title: having cancer is a different experience
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/comments/p459zf/having_cancer_is_a_different_experience/
Content:
can you imagine if you went to an AA meeting and it was mostly family members of alcoholics speaking? what if half the people at every meeting came to announce that their loved one died from alcoholism, gave the graphic details of how awful it was, and then left? and addiction is not a choice but in this case even with meetings and strength and support, I can't avoid dying from my disease. I never realized everything centered around other people's experience with cancer. you cannot easily find a support group for people who only have cancer. how odd is that? 

when you have cancer I suppose everyone is your caregiver. is my mom still my caregiver? she works so I mostly threw up by myself all day while on radiation. she makes my step dad dinner every night - he's healthy. is she his caregiver? she washes his clothes and goes shopping for him. am I inherently more burdensome because I'm ill? was I my grandmother's caregiver when I just visited her and hung out? some are really caregivers, of course. but the term is overused, imo. some people are relatives, or friends. I am taking care of myself, I'm left to fend for myself. 

I've learned that cancer is a balancing act of what to say. don't talk about the bad side, in a cancer support group or with friends or with strangers - that's negativity. your suffering is scaring people. no one likes to think about that. grief posting is fine though. cancer is sad and people have to get it off their chest.

I have watched people so many times tell those with cancer that they need to stop crying. they need to get a grip and grow up and move on. I don't advise that we should all wallow in it. but when are the grieving supposed to move on? do you respond the same way to them? I read that said someone was my age and they felt it was not fair that their loved one was dying. after all, they said - they were only my age! not supposed to lose a loved one when you're that young. their life is over, it's unlived. I don't disagree it's very sad and needing of support somewhere. but it's an interesting thing to read when you are the same age, the one who will die relatively soon, the one who will not live that life and are regularly told: your life is not over, stop saying it is. you are making a big deal out of things. why are you even sad about this? you need to move on, and pretend you are not dying, until you do die. When I posted about how I do not feel particularly lucky to be dying at the same age I got a response that duh - stupid cancer patient - they are saying you are lucky that you will not die in 3 weeks! be grateful! I'm simply surprised that attitude is not extended to those who are not ill at all. 

most days I hate that cancer is such a cultural Thing. I struggle to think of the perfect analogy. I don't know if there is one. but people die, parents die, grandparents die. I'm not arguing that it isn't terrible and upsetting. but it is odd to me that people with a disease have to exist in spaces where people are allowed to flit by and say "x died from this specific thing and it was so terrible. your disease is terrible and deadly." don't people regularly complain of saying "omg, x died of cancer!" why is it so different in a support setting where most are vulnerable?

patients are not handled with the same kid gloves. when they are, it is seen as unfair coddling to those around them, seen as exclusionary. everyone has a right to be as involved in your cancer as you are - and if you have a complaint, a rant? the classic line: they only want the best. my mom today complained about how my grandmother's oncologist spent all his energy on the patients. I had a bit of an internal laugh about that one. 

I know that it's awful to have a loved one die and I know caregiving is not easy. but you don't know what it's like unless you have it. you don't have the right to say treatment is easy when you haven't been through it. I've been called cruel for literally simply speaking about 'a grim and deadly disease' and saying that treatment is in fact, not fun or easy - by someone who did not have said disease. I'm certainly aware that it's grim. though if I called my own disease that I am sure I would get many responses that stats are outdated and useless, and I may live forever. my question there is this: if treatment is so easy and painless, why do you describe yourself as a caregiver? do healthy non suffering people need caregivers? if survival rates are so outdated and do not apply to anyone, why are you mourning in advance? if having cancer is so terrible for everyone around me, why is it not terrible for me to have it? 

I remember being a very depressed young teen and having a really dark thought: I wish I had cancer. I wish people understood I was suffering. If I had some illness they would understand, they would empathize with me. It wouldn't all be in my mind. As I grew up I mostly realized that was bs. But you really don't realize how lonely cancer is until you have it. some days I miss being alone in my suffering without people thinking they understood and speaking on my behalf.

I don't disagree that caregivers ever come to cancer spaces, fwiw. I appreciate when people are seeking to help a loved one with diet choices or pain relief. And I understand that it's devastating to watch someone go through something terrible. there definitely needs to be support for all. My dad is disabled and suffering and thinking of it makes me instantly cry. I do things for him a lot. I just cannot imagine going to an amputee support group and going up to the mic and saying "hey, so I still have all my limbs, but I just wanted to explain that watching you go through this is really hard for me. It makes me very miserable to think about how you guys are suffering. I also know someone who died from amputation, and it was very terrible to watch. But you guys should be strong and get through this! I'm here to answer questions because actually my dad had it really easy, he never even cried to me! Ta." 

idk. as I've said, I don't think we should be told to wallow in our misery. but I often feel pretty gaslighted - if everyone around me is suffering by virtue of watching me suffer... how am I lucky? are they not lucky too? after all, their loved one could die in 6 months - some have 3 weeks! pick your head up. I feel like if I said that to the grieving parent I'd be pretty immediately knocked down a peg, and rightly so. 

I doubt anyone will read this all and if anyone does I'm sure I will be met with a lot of disagreement, but whatever. I'm grateful for the kind people I've met. this isn't particularly coherent because I have so many thoughts on it all. I speak for myself but I will say I find it funny that if you go to a chat, people will largely say they do not check support groups anymore. I just wanted to say my peace before I prob leave this area or take a break at least because no place feels made for patients, at all. Maybe that's cruel. But cancer is cruel, and a very lonely thing, no matter how many people are around you and no matter how badly they're suffering.
