Username: winifredstarlitelf
Date (UTC): 2024-01-24_10-31-36
Title: Stressed about who I've chosen to have with my during my baby's birth
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/BabyBumps/comments/19ee3lq/stressed_about_who_ive_chosen_to_have_with_my/
Content:
I'm only 14w5d pregnant. So far I've been dealing with HG and monitoring for GD as I am diabetic, but have gotten my A1Cs down to 5.2 and have my blood sugar under control. 

I told my DH that I only want him and my best friend/our roommate in the room during delivery. She's a CNA, was there to help take care of our house while I was in the hospital during my cancer treatment and recovery, and is going to help us get the house ready for baby boy. I'm due in July. 

Here's where the stress comes in: I haven't told my mom yet that I don't want her in the room during the delivery. He'll, I don't mind her being there while I'm laboring, but I don't want her there while I'm delivering, especially because she has a history of EXTREME narcissistic behavior and "me me me" mentality. She's going to make my delivery about her and I know she's going to try to snatch baby up as soon as he's cleaned off and the chord is cut. 

I told my husband to tell his family not to come to the hospital until the day after I deliver so we can bond with baby and rest. My bestie is mainly there so DH doesn't leave my side while I'm in labor. She can be our gopher, grab ice chips, grab food, etc. She's also GREAT at distraction. I'm very seriously considering telling my family not to come til the following day as well. 

I fear the backlash of telling my mom. She's going to be offended. She's going to be upset. She's probably going to give me the silent treatment. And the kicker is, she lives 15 minutes from the hospital. My husband's family lives an hour from the hospital. She's going to get to meet the baby first REGARDLESS. (She has this weird competitive thing going in her head with my MIL.) But no. I'm going to be punished because she won't get to lay eyes on my baby before everyone else. 

I just needed to vent, to get it out. I'm prepared for her BS, I know her well enough, and I'm sticking to my boundaries about this because it's MY baby. It's MY delivery. And it's MY decision. I just....dread it. I'm waiting until just before I give birth to tell her. She can deal.
