Blog: thategirl
Timestamp: 2024-12-29 18:07:39
Tags: journalism, girl blogger, osteosarcoma, cancer, bonecancer
URL: https://www.tumblr.com/blog/view/thategirl/771230646920216576

Hi!!!! Just a little introduction... my name is E and i'm 20 years old from the North East of England. Lets start from the...

<h1>Hi!!!! Just a little introduction&hellip; my name is E and i&rsquo;m 20 years old from the North East of England. Lets start from the beginning. I have always lived in a little town, a place where people never really leave, theres not much here and pretty much all of us dream of getting out! I went to primary and secondary school as normal, leaving school thinking I wanted to be a hairdresser, then a children&rsquo;s nurse, i&rsquo;m sure one time i said i wanted to be a therapist? My point is at the age of 16 when you leave school you have no clue what you want to do with your life, so many things can happen and influence your life. So&hellip; from leaving school i decided to start Level 3 Health and Social Care, and to be honest it was going great, i was really enjoying it. One day i started getting pains in my arm and shoulder thinking it was from the gym as i had been going often. The doctor told me to stop going to the gym for a while and rest. The pain never went away it only got worse. I carried on with my college work and social life going out with my friends with this pain still bothering me. After constant trips to the doctors and hospital, painkillers, a few scans, x-rays and a biopsy, i was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma. A type of bone cancer that i&rsquo;d never heard of. I had to get multiple rounds of chemo, operations, deal with hair loss, a shoulder replacement, permanent loss of movement in my right arm and so much more. Having to deal with all of this at 16/17, i did not have a clue where my head was at. I went into remission in October that year and i have never felt so lost in my life. All of my friends had just got on with their life and were much further ahead than me, it was like i had paused life for 10 months and just came back to reality. I had a few part time jobs like hospitality, care work, beauty, you name it. Fast forward to 4 months ago when i completed my Level 3 Beauty Therapy qualification. I had finished it but that still wasn&rsquo;t what i wanted to do in life, so i had a break from education. My current job is working in a jewellery shop which i absolutely love! However, its not what i want to do for the rest of my life. I want a career not just a job. I decided to start a Humanities course in September as it had a lot of different paths to follow. i started to think about y interests and things i love to give me an idea of my dream job. I love music and concerts, pop culture, celebrity drama, movies, knowing whats happening in the world. I finally decided that journalism is what i want to do. So now i&rsquo;m here&hellip; I feel like starting this blog would be the best way to get a bit of experience and confidence in writing. That was more than a &lsquo;little&rsquo; introduction but if you want to know more or come along for the journey with me feel free to follow me or send me a message ;)))</h1>