Blog: thebookewyrme
Timestamp: 2022-08-13 20:36:30
Tags: cancer, personal health, health stuff, cancer diagnosis, personal stuff
URL: https://thebookewyrme.tumblr.com/post/692515022244626432/so-i-havent-really-talked-about-my-cancer

So I haven’t really talked about my cancer diagnosis yet here. This is probably gonna be rambly because I’m still processing a...

<p>So I haven’t really talked about my cancer diagnosis yet here. This is probably gonna be rambly because I’m still processing a lot. It’s only been like a week, but time is meaningless now. Anyway, yea, like a week ago I got the confirmed diagnosis that I have thyroid cancer. It’s still pretty small and very treatable, so I’m not terribly worried about it. I’ve kind of been bouncing between numb “this is just one thing too many in the course of three months for me to feel anything” and relief that there’s something Real I can point to when I’m just mysteriously affflicted with malaise. Like. Ohhh I’m not lazy and unmotivated I HAVE FUCKING CANCER. Like seriously, this is such a relief in its way. I called in sick to work two days this week (and wasn’t feeling great the rest of the week either) and for once I felt no guilt and self-loathing over it because <i>I had a good reason</i>. It may sound a little fucked up, but I’ve honestly been wishing to have something like this for years. Just. A desire to be truly sick instead of just feeling randomly and invisibly like shit. Like I have no physical symptoms I could point to like nausea (that one is linked to a different illness, I.e my anxiety) or a sore throat. I’m just exhausted to the point of tears and lack any will to do anything, even get up and pee. And maybe it can’t be entirely attributed to the cancer, because I have no idea how long I’ve had it. And I have other things, invisible disabilities that also explain my issues. But. Nobody can argue with cancer. Like, even my asshole brain can’t be like “ok but maybe you’re just faking” because <i>I saw the tumor on the screen! I know it’s there! </i></p><p>Anyway, everyone is very worried and concerned and asking how I’m doing and I’m like “GREAT!! THIS IS GREAT NEWS!!” But it’s hard to understand that so I’m sticking with “I’m still in shock” for easier understanding. So far my medical team is moving quickly and I think the process of curing it will not be too protracted, but if that changes my viewpoint will probably change too. I want this to be a low-stress diagnosis, and I’m cautiously optimistic it will be. Because I just cannot take one more major stressor. </p>