Blog: michelesariot-blog-blog
Timestamp: 2015-07-01 03:58:32
Tags: cancer, remission, sick, parahoy, paramore, hayley williams, @yelyahwilliams
URL: https://michelesariot-blog-blog.tumblr.com/post/122925353299/remission-is-not-longer-an-option

Remission is not longer an option

Day 1<p>June 30th 2015<br/>

Today I was declared to be out of remission I am no longer healthy. I’ve been declared to have stage 2A ovarian cancer. I’m so scared right now my mind is being flooded with thoughts. Good thoughts bad thoughts I’m not even sure how to eliminate them or sort them. I decided that I want to document everyday so that my feelings can be put to words and put out of my mind so that it’s easier to stay positive. Today I had a bunch of tests done ct scans ultrasounds blood test and the most horrible a biopsy. During my very painful biopsy, I wasn’t sedated and I must mention they used a very large needle. They let me listen to music so of course Paramore❤️ was my go to band. I listened to Last hope from their self titled album. My friends told me to hold on to those lyrics and I did. They helped me get through the entire procedure and kept me as calm as it could considering the circumstances. I hate being poked and prodded but that’s what’s my life is going to consist of for next few months to a year. I have a great support team behind me. My friends who are my rocks to name a few Camila, Emily, Emily, Lola, Willow, Erica, Pichi, Aika and Tiky. You guys are the best, without you guys I don’t think I would be able to go through this. Your kind words positivity and honesty and most importantly you’re inappropriate jokes are what’s going to keep me going! Thank you I’ll never have enough words to tell you how much i appreciate you guys and most of all love you guys. It’s going to be a hard year to come but I’ll be able to do it with you guys behind me. Thank you again I love you my 🍑 Parahoy ⚓️ will be a victory vacation for me and a celebration with y'all! I love you guys immensely. ❤️</p>