Blog: thetruthaboutriss
Timestamp: 2016-01-02 13:33:12
Tags: cancer, remission, health
URL: https://thetruthaboutriss.tumblr.com/post/136462243824/so-crazy-to-think-that-two-years-ago-i-was-sitting

So crazy to think that two years ago I was sitting in an Oral surgeons office waiting for news about my biopsy. For two years I...

So crazy to think that two years ago I was sitting in an Oral surgeons office waiting for news about my biopsy. For two years I had been told oh nothing is wrong except an infection or you need a tooth pulled when in reality it was so much more. Finally i found a dentist who referred me to a great local Ora surgeon. I got the scariest news of my life. That I had cancer. The cancer I had was one no one local had seen in a 21 year old at the time I was told it was something a 60+ year old would have gotten. Therefore no one would treat me in my area. I found a great surgeon/oncologist who I hated as a person and he and I have butt heads many times. He was rated TOP Doctor several times and he was arrogant about it and I was determined to make him less arrogant. Although I didn't see it at the time. He was quick to schedule me to have the tumor as well as part of my jaw removed to help me into remission. Because of him even though it was stage two and radiation was suggested I only needed surgery. In less than a month I will be 2 years cancer free thanks to this man. It literally took me until 6 months ago to get along with him and be able to be civil. He is literally my favorite doctor at this point other than my primary. Feeling so many emotions today. It hasn't been the easiest of recoveries because of all of my other health issues, loose teeth and jaw issues from the cancer and because I've had several cancer scares along the way but he's been there to do what he could to make sure it hasn't returned even though he was almost certain that it would because he found precancerous cells. But I am beyond grateful even if it were to come back because I know I made it this long and I could do it again. Especially with the help of my wonderful (wow not a word i thought I'd ever use to explain this man haha) oncologist.